Siraj story so wholesome
we need this win so bad. I hope we can at least win the toss. If we have to bat first, we may as well forfeit
I hope punjab wins this and gives some competition to that fourth spot
Good evening only to those who still believe in KL.

Be scared Kohli, we will do a 👉😑👈 again but this time after a 100*(47)
Ab please score a 100 today
👉😐👈 time today
Well, did my ban end for saying Duniya hilgayi?
Prediction time!

KL and Virat are practicing out in the middle, suddenly KL gets the urge to say "RBI kehta hai..", Koach is confused but takes his phone out and puts the video on MX Takatak.

Later in the toss, Koach loses the toss for the fourth time but he forgets that he lost it and choses to bat first... But WHATS THISS?? MAXI COMES OUT OF NOWHERE AND CHOSES TO RKO KL OUT OF NOWHERE... MY GOD IVE NEVER SEEN ANYTHING LIKE THIS BEFORE. MAXI COMES OUT TO OPEN THE BATTING AND HITS THE FIRST BALL FROM MEREDITH OUT OF THE GROUND, umpires are stunned, they give Maxi 12 runs instead of 6 because the ball travelled 250m. Preity in tears, Gayle is shocked, Koach becomes a cheerleader, ABD laughing behind the stumps.. they end with 420/1 with Maxwell 419(119) and Koach 1(1)

We're witnessing history out here.. BUT WHATS THIS KL COMES OUT TO BAT WITH MALAN, BOTH SCORE A CENTURY IN 29 BALLS, GAYLE IN SHAMBLES, BUT THIS IS NOT THE END OF IT, PREITY COMES OUT WITH A GUN, KL CHOSES TO 👉😶👈, UMPIRES CANT STOP THIS MAYHEM. PREITY SHOOTS MAXWELL AND RUNS AWAY WITH SRK OUT TO WANKHEDE.

RCB win due to Duckworth Lewis Method and PBKS were 2 runs short. (repost from DD thread)
It's the day of the memes
2010-15 RCB fans, watching the match, flummoxed: This is getting out of hand. Now, there are two of them.
Obviously supporting Punjab as a neutral.
Two of the most unluckiest at toss.
They immovable object vs The unstoppable force
Hope so both teams will show their A game today. The more the closer game will go the more memes we will have!
Gimme a good match. Don't care who wins
Insert spiderman meme
I think today both M. Ashwin and Ravi Bishnoi will play today
Really hope punjab and the other bottom 3 teams start winning or the playoffs are already decided
Important toss Koach please !!!

I don't want KL, Mayank, Gayle and Pooran to chase with dew on offer
Away from Chinnaswamy is a blessing for RCB. Now it's raining in Bengaluru. Every IPL atleast 2 games in Chinnaswamy will be affected by rain.
Maxy please score 108 today, all sixes no fours
KL come back to where you belong😔
Yeah, but tbh i really miss those rain curtailed thrillers. 2015 had like 3 such games. And who can forget koach's ton against this opposition in a 15 over game in 2016
RCB vs RCB 2.0
Any signs of caps handed out yet?
Idk feels like KL gonna chose violence Tonight.
👉😑👈
bruh this toss is crucial af and we know which end we're gonna end up with ;-;
Dan Christian and Kyle Jamieson are going to mysteriously disappear from the squad today...
There are matches in Chinnaswamy in May right? (Of course notof RCB)
Hope we dont have any changes today.
IS THAT GLENN MAXWELL WITH A STEEL CHAIR?
Get to watch Siraj play today, what a good day
Punjab win today
Fuck RCB for having the TGC interview removed !
Yeah
What a feeling of seeing talented batting from both side. What a match
Siraj being interviewed on Star sports hindi, full on wholesome atmosphere down there.
We gonna rock down to electric bengalaru
Here we are folks 


THE MEME MATCH WE WERE ALL WAITING FOR! 

BRING ON🔥🔥
Punjab Kings/Chennai Super Kings/Gujarat Lions

Royal Challengers/Rajasthan Royals

These team owners are so uncreative with names and emblems.
Hope RCB don't fuck up Thor and Jamieson' places in team just because they couldn't a fucking joke.
Love the Rasta socks from Gayle
Inb4 Christian and Jamieson are dropped
Especially punjab kings man. They mixed and matched csk and rcb
This upstox rating is a pathetic segment
What's the Jamieson Christian controversy rn. TGC took an interview and it got taken down . Why?
Istg if jamieson if dropped i am done supporting this team
Mumbai Indians????
Siraj ad was wholesome.
They claimed breach of contract
"Unlucky"

\*shows wild slog getting clean bowled\*
Wearing the jersey in the interview makes it RCB property or something ! SMH !
I doubt he's gonna be dropped over something so minor
Feels like an upset today. Think Punjab might win this one
I still don't get it, can you elaborate?
Why are people talking about Kyle and Christian, whag happened exactly?
Bro wot 😳
Who is this?
Alright which wanker is spam downvoting all the comments??? Go find something better to do with your life
They did an interview with the grade cricketer on YT. Is it about that?
Their interview with tgc got taken down cos of breach of contract apparently
Context and tgc abbreviation please.
They had an interview with TGC and apparently RCB asked them to take it down citing breach of contract as the reason.
EX-RCB players vs RCB players
The Grade cricketer podcast on YT.
Again Toughest20 wala bakchodi yaar
So, folks from Bangalore, who are you supporting? 

Are you supporting Bangalore boys wearing Bangalore colours - KL n Mayank?

Or are you supporting adopted sons - VK n ABD?

The Ben-Gayle-Luru? 
Or The Ben-Maxi-Luru?
Inb4 Rahul jumps in the lobby for team-up since they're literally RCB line-up 2
Lmao for some reason Punjab always turns up against us
They talked about RCB on a podcast and RCB (?) Me people take it down because of some contractual stuff. 


That's the factual stuff.
Why is Rcb playing an intra squad match in the middle of ipl?
Punjab would be a better side if they weren’t comprised of Lord Deepak Hooda and 10 useless players who aren’t worthy of standing in the same room as him.
Has any team ever won the first 7 games in a season?
We have a serial downvoter
there is no way koach is winning this toss is there ?
VIRAT WON THE TOSS HOW
KL Mayank Kumble Gayle

Everybody has scores to settle.

Make it happen lads
Wow virat
Kanpur even tosses the coin in a depressed manner, the coin didn't even rise to like 8 feet high.
Both team won the toss
noooo wayyyy
Kohli won the toss😳😨
Woah Washi
Sundar out oof
Kl Rahul lost the toss 😂
Kl Rahul lost the toss 😂
HOLY SHIT KOACH WON THE TOSS
WOW VIRAT WOW WOW WOW
Holy fk virat wins the toss
TOSS WIN IS MORE IMPORTANT THAN MATCH WIN
sundar dropped wow
That was a weak ass toss by KL
Hope KL comes with intent™ or they send Big Daddy to bat.
Washi out lmao
Punjab 2014
Shahbaz makes sense .. 
5 right handers in the top 7. 
You need a left handed bowler
Omg we won toss
If Virat is poor at winning tosses

KL is worse lol
we can’t even win the toss against Kohli, just fold the franchise
Koach lite lost the toss he's about 85% on the way to transformation
RCB vs RCB legends
*lost the match 🤣
Inb4 Gayle wears his 4 year old rcb outfit to this game
Change jersey to RCB'S 

Get Koach's luck with tosses
The sexual tension in the air between KL behind the stumps and Maxi coming out to bat is gonna be extra spicy
Washi out for who?
Kohli looks jacked out of his mind
RCB's team bonding match
Mandatory where Finn Allen?
Koch dropped Sundar!
KL looks like he's been to war and has PTSD
How many tosses has Koach has won so far
MOSES OUT WHAT THE FUCK???
Koach is gonna use all his toss luck in the IPL and fuck us up in the tosses for WTC and the Eng series.
😂
Shahbaz
fuck yes no mayank
Batting first again? When is it gonna end Robbie
shahbaz
SHIT GAYLE IS GONNA OPEN
Shabaz in for washi
shahbaz "3 wickets in an over" ahmed
Shabaaz
Mayank out lmao
Fuck it Universe Boss opening 🤯🤯🤯🤯
Mayank out.

VK -SUIIII
They gave an interview with tgc and talked about virat asking jamieson to bowl. They also mentioned scott coming in for rcb. Not sure which part of it was the breach but they claimed it
So Arshdeep is out, Ishan is still on the bench...
"Except for Chris"
In the reserves where he belongs!
Meredith in, still no malan damn.

[Sundar out . Called it. ](https://www.reddit.com/r/Cricket/comments/mznf9a/match_thread_22nd_match_delhi_capitals_vs_royal/gw2koan?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share&context=3)
No Malan,Fucking transfer him to RR already.
Never did I thought a day would come when Riley would be picked over Jhye
shabaz
Wtf still no malan
3 changes and not even one that we wanted. Gg Punjab
Yesss boiiis Mayank not here
Oh fuck Gayle is gonna open?
Still no Malan 

Lol
is shahbaz an allrounder or batsmen ?
Mayank is injured apparently
WTF, Punjab dropped Mayank. What shit is this..
Got the feeling that RCB is gonna lose, Kohli's Bff and Achilles heel is KL Rahul
what are RCB Lite's changes?
Wtf is this lineup? 2 points to rcb
Well they are playing, people were saying they might get dropped!
Where Malan
Sundar - good enough to play for India in T20Is

Not good enough for an IPL team apparently.
The fuck! 

They dropped Mayank!!
Anyone wanna bet on sandstorm coming or not?
Injured dude
All rounder
Injured
*Today's RCB Playing X1* ~ Sundar's Dad
Injured
Injury
He is injured
he got hurt
Injured. No way in hell will they drop their best bat
Injured bro no choice
Then it's fine.
Looks like we needed Washi to counter Gayle
He was injured, I think.
Forced to drop
[KL Rahul](https://youtu.be/GbFhwuvIAGo)
He has a niggle and hence rested
Still no Malan?
It's like Josh vs Josh battle, RCB vs RCB.

My bet is on RCB
Wtf why is jordan doing the job of the painter
Where tf is Dawid Malan
Meredith over Richardson? Wtf
I hope we see a huge Gayle storm today
Yo what's this silly point bullshit. WHY DOES AB LOOK LIKE A CREEP WTF
Inb4 Gayle storm coming
Injured
I think Gayle will hit a century this match
Punjab lost the 6th against MI
Bowling alrounder but koach is impress with his batting in practice matches
Music to my ears

Thanks
If Punjab lose this they deserve it cause of this lineup
All rounder but can bat big apparently. Despite those everyone says he's a gun fielder.
There might be a sandstorm from the accumulated dust in both these teams Trophy Cabinets
Meredith over Jhye da hell. Is Arshdeep also injured?
Happy for Prabhsimran, if he can play like SMAT we are in for a treat

Sad for Mandeep(and Arshdeep), I guess the only spot he can come in for is Hooda’s and Hooda made sure in his first innings that he gets a long rope
They won 6
PBKS need a 49 of their own to get Malan in
Looks like Virat is the new entrant in Sundar's Dad's list
I think the record is 5
I'm kind of surprised with the decision to drop Washi. They have Gayle and Pooran in the top 4, wouldn't he be better than Shahbaz?
No Malan.
Playing Meredith instead of better bowler Jhye..
Dropped Arshdeep who has been alright so far.
Not impressed.
How do people saying "Oh the dropped mayank " recieve info that he is not playing  and not info that he was injured?
Yes
This offspinner not being able to bowl to right handers is so overrated. Sundar has a better record when bowling to right handers than left handers.
Man after that shit show from kkr ,hope this match lives upto it's expectations
Did you see him bat in Ahemdabad? His highest score was like 16 at <100SR
Ishan Porel reading your comment and contemplating jumping off a cliff
How to tune into Dugout from my normal hotstar stream?
Flair does not check out
Give us Dawid Malan
yoooo neroli hella thicc
Why is Arshdeep dropped?
Md Azharuddin was a pretty hyped up pick.Is there any reason he is not playing?
Silly point animation op
who in their right fucking mind would play meredith in place of jhye
What happened arshdeep!??? Isn't this guy playing too well?
...We are a young group of people,  except for Chris. 


-K *the diplomat* L
Change audio
Its 6/7
iirc,they had won first 5 and then lost one to Mumbai as when the tournament shifted to India.
I read your comment, laughed. Then saw your flair. Then realised even I support DC. We shouldn't be making those jokes as of now mate
Under audio language settings choose dugout
the last time RCB dismissed KL Rahul was in 2019, we need a big one from him
Matchup game because there aren't many lefties in PBKS
Ffs why even buy Malan in the first place if you're not going to use him.
Punjab win will open up the tournament further.
I still don’t understand if even now malan isn’t playing he should join RR. He’s a really good player compared to all the other batsmen Punjab have.
Dawid Malan scored 68 in the last T20I at 147 SR which was in Ahmedabad lmao
Abd can keep so he is a backup keeper
We'll yours ain't no prize.
Let the memes begin🔥
It's time for Punjab to return the favour we gave them last year and make us table topper.
So after poor utilisation of Sundar, they dropped him 


RCB really did him dirty
Well true, Ishan too. I’m just more empathic towards punjabi players
Koach obsessed with rajat patidar.... I still hope they'll give chance to azharuddin so he can keep wickets and give rest to ab
bro punjab jhye is better than riley.
Say Mayank is injured or I riot
Why no Jhyedev Unadkat?
Bruh Malan is still okay, where tf is Porel. No Arshdeep but still no Porel wow
Oh shit I forgot that one, my bad.
Why remove arshdeep  ?
Punjab seems like a weirdish team today.
Just give Malan to RR ffs
Arshdeep and Washington dropped.

This really is the clown Derby 🤡
Riley ? Not Richardson ?
yes he is
Gayle open plz otherwise PBKS is on backfoot already
Loan us Malan
Just here for purple patel💜
The only positive from this season is that all our losses have been one-sided. We have not choked once and that makes it easier to swallow the losses. And judging from today's line up, it looks like we are going to continue this tradition
You always make such comments
Except KKR, Ahmedabad camp is trophy virgin.
Injured
It is an advantage for us
Ah yes. The annual "let's give Harpreet Brar one game to see whether he belongs" match. Very excited.
Because Rajat is a better t20 player kohli isn’t just obsessed.
Oh I just thought he was shahrukh khan level player..had never heard of him..so was curious
Richardson bhaad mein jhye? (someone pls help translate this)
Jordan has more runs than Pooran this tournament. 

It’s a 14 game tournament 

You cannot play players into form
RCB management

*plays Sundar at 3 and expects him to do what Kohli has done throughout his career which he obviously fails to do*

*doesn't bowl him in the PP because offspinners can't bowl to right handers apparently (has a better record against right hand batsmen than left hand batsmen)*

*drops Sundar but Chahal who averages 50 this year plays*
I think washi has been dropped because they need a better batter
By now, I just watch RCB matches for the sheer joy of watching ABD bat.
Still no malan any reason?
Bro, how are we so consistently shit? Maybe this lineup will surprise us but I feel like it's so poorly thought
Jhye is a better bowler than Riley

Jhye is a better batsman than Riley

Jhye is a better fielder than Riley
Got taken to the cleaners by old Watto last year. Didn't get a game after that.
Screw it 

Kaviya Malan
Damn Michael Slater aged so fucking badly, maybe that's the consequence of messing with Indiranagar ka gunda during Border Gavaskar trophy 2001.
Every team in the bottom 4 could badly need Kishan/Sundar snd MI/RCB have luxury of dropping them crazy
SOMEBODY TALK OF ISHAN POREL PLEASE!
Let's get ready for a disappointing start to the weekend pbks bois
Man I was rooting for Punjab but these changes don’t make sense to me. Arshdeep was bowling pretty well especially at the death
What? He has a 50 there and averages 37.
Possibly the worst possible by Punjab.

Mayank Injured, no Arshdeep and bringing Riley in and not Malan? Riley? Fucking Riley? Worst IPL bowler I've seen in past few years. Free points for RCB today. Punjab's management sucks big time.

Punjab's matches are depressing for Punjab's fans as well as for people from North India.
Sundar literally cant play anywhere, playing him is like playing a specialist bowler
 i know people hatting on punjab lineup but I am genuinely very happy to see many new guys getting chance and hope they do well. 

I am keeping patidar as captain and p singh as vice captain and captain

bold choice but I have choose my faith
Hope PBKS wins today or else the difference between the top 3 and bottom 5 is just gonna get bigger.
2 of their most destructive batsmen are lefties
am unable to do so. only shows english, hindi and tamil as options
Azharuddin isn't?
am unable to do so. only shows english, hindi and tamil as options
Except KKR, Ahmedabad camp is trophy virgin.
Uncapped XI
Alright boys so which agenda are we running for Mayank

Mate quota over 

or

Mayank paid for being selfless
PBKS-So conclusion Riley is better than Jhye
>Sundar literally cant bat anywhere, playing him is like playing a specialist bowler

Chahal is still playing lmao. He has taken a grand total of 3 wickets (2 in 3 games with spin friendly consitions) this year.
Very first thing Chahal is RCBs best bower okay? There’s a huge difference between dropping Chahal and washi. Secondly kohli did mention they have made this change after looking at the opponent. Shahbaz maybe very handy with the bat yes he hasn’t performed yet but we all know he’s a better batsman than washi.
And also for people from Karnataka.
It's not over until KL and the Universe Boss get out
let us all accommodate the lone punjab fan u/Arsenic1326. Hello!

Also pls ban u/ATruceBruce from rcb match threads 😔😔. For 3 hrs i can't bear him roasting the living shit out of rcb/s
Why is no one talking about Arshadeep Singh? He was there go to bowler even when they had Meredith, Jhye and Shami.
Never said I agree just said that they didn't drop him for his performances
Looking at all these comments about Riley, I wont be shocked if he destroys our batsmen today
Woulda kinda preferred for Koach to have dropped Chahal and kept Sundar. I think bringing Shahbaz is a good move as it strengthens the batting...
Gotta say Koach's selection are getting less baffling and he is even winning tosses.
Ee saala ....?
>Play Bold
TIL Neroli was with Shane Warne at some point
*bonjour*
Obviously he’s man. But Rajat suits this lineup more than anyone else in the group I mean I’m glad he started the last game. Stop making useless speculations about kohli being obsessed with few players and that’s the reason they start.
Poor malan
Another one?? 😳😳 How rare
Koach didn't wish rs happy birthday on social media,RIFT confirmed
Almost feels like Punjab has already lost with all the losses.
be best bowler of the team

gets dropped

-Arshdeep
Down the order, definitely. Shahbaz can slog and be a power hitter. Washy isnt a finisher, he's a more proper batter, just not in T20s
Please pbks loan us malan
Is Sams a batting or bowling alrounder?
Surely Punjab plays Malan before they're completely out of the tourney right?
champion

champion

champion

champion

everybody know chris gayle is a champion
Teams like punjab cud do with someone like Malan but I don't think Malan is playing ip- oh wait
As an RCB fan this is what Murphy has planned for us

1. KL 100
2. Gayle storm
3. Riley First 5-for in powerplay
4. SRK 50 or 15
Inb4 riley takes 4 wickets and completely turns the momentum of the match towards punjab
Sadly, KL deserves a better team. And Universe Boss has become tuktuk now. I feel this might be his last IPL
North India has DC
did kings buy malign just so nobody else could have him? or are they just scared to drop TUB?
There are dozens of dozens!
They'll only play him the moment they're eliminated.
I want Dawid Malan in RCB. It’s a crime that he’s not playing.
Is Prabh simran opening?
Pbksdh twitter post shows him as opener in lineup
Bruh I swear if they make 171 in the first innings too
It's time for the ex-RCB, giant Universe Boss, Son of Gulbarga to completely destroy RCB.
Don't forget u/pxik he is the most underrated ™© PBKS fan
Is my ban lifted?
What will be the retention strategy of Punjab in the mega auction?

KL, Shammi are the main India regulars they have. 

Pooran as the third one?. Do they have any other players that are worth retaining or RTM?
Hope the scriptwriters come in form soon
I expect Siraj to knock out Gayle. Sams should be a a challenge for KL if he goes over the wicket and invites a drive close to body.
Bowling but had a good performance with the bat against NZ I believe
Kohli and KL are very common.
Both have good average
Both have a beard 
Both have links with bollywood actress
Out if loop here, are we jinxing Riley into form?
No
I didn’t know you spell Shami as Arshdeep. And Arsh was poor last game
Anyone feels this IPL might be the last we'll be seeing from Universe Boss? He's obviously past his prime now and has become tuktuk. And he's almost 42 now. Don't think Punjab will retain him for Mega Auctions considering he definitely isn't gonna play 3 more years anyway.
Lmaoo, the height difference between KP and Sunil gavaskar XD
Punjab is playing with completely unexpected 11. How good is Brar?
Yes
something similar to "get lost" or "go to hell" to richardson (as a 3rd person, like "richardson should get lost")
Great, thanks bro
Who is selecting this Punjab side and is it a moron?
Wtf Punjab if your not going to use malan loan him to RR
You just want RCB to come down from top of the table 🕵️‍♂️
Fans: KL, Gayle needs to open the innings. And mayank is better at the opening slot. So could you bat at 3.

KL: I have an idea, let's drop mayank and I will open with gayle.

Fans: Surprised Pikachu face
He is a class player but rcb seem to have too many options so they are trying to assemble a good mix
Inb4 in post match conference Kl says I have no say on the selection like warner
if rahul is planning for run a ball strikerate in the powerplay, he better come one down or two down! better let hooda take the half chances!
Let's call him Murphy
So d11 captain and vice captain? Your suggestions?
Arshdeep injured?
VK winning the tosses now in IPL. Its almost as if the fate is taking the mickey out of us.
Is Harpreet beat chef brar's cousin ?
Is pbks waiting to reach the point of no redemption to start using Malan?
Maybe Mayank?
My worst nightmare.
Abd and kohli
Punjab team is chosen by a bunch on Manatees
Hoping good performance by Meredith Today
They could have easily played Arshdeep who would have been more economical than Meredith and played Malan instead. Right now batting looks really weak except for top 2.
Dream 11 ad showing Arshdeep as a pick for this game lol
lol
KL and 360 to play safe

DDP And Prabhsimran to play bold
If Players were standup comics:

Wridhiman Haha

Jason LOLder

Kannur Laughkesh Rahul
Meredith is a genuine number 11 and he’s listed to bat 8. FMD.
Who's the new foreigner and why does he look so pissed?
First of all AB might not even bat. There's gonna be dew and they're chasing. PBKS don't have good bowlers. Who's gonna take wickets with dew?
is the person sitting behind Simon Katich Scott Kujiolalalhdhd?
Punajb hasn't come to win they Have come to meme
What will it take to give Malan a game? You can now finally play Gayle as an opener and Malan at 3, everyone's favorite positions, and you still choose to go with prabhsimran singh? And what did Arshdeep do to deserve a drop? He's been bowling better than pretty much every single other Punjab bowler
Ofc they are. What do you expect? It's fuckin Punjab.
Scriptwriters have been a bit predictable. Hope we get another sandstorm. Won't complain if there's an earthquake as well.
Lol no we don't need him
Naa they are gonna make 154 in the 19th over
What is inb4
Chahal bowled 2 overs and gave just 10 runs last game, not used properly
Whos rs
Why does Kolhi waste all of his coin toss wins on IPL?
My retention list before mega auction for each team  
DC: Pant, Shaw, Rabada  
MI: Rohit, Hardik, Bumrah  
RCB: Kohli, ABD, Siraj  
KKR: Russell, Gill, Cummins  
PBKS: Rahul  
SRH: Warner, Kane, Rashid  
RR: Archer, Samson, Buttler  
CSK: Curran, Jadeja, Faf
Thank goodness Washi is dropped. Utterly useless with the bat with hit tuk tuk batting and incompetent in the field. He’s also been average with the ball
ABD and DDP
Lol where do you play him?
Is it really Kumble that's making these changes for PBKS?
Mayank has been pretty good too
Would love to see Gayle thrashing RCB around.
The battle of best beard vectors is on boisssss
How do you remember his last name?
so who are we memeing into form today? KL?
In before
Hoping to see a gaylestorm but rcb win
"in before"

used when you are predicting something
Inb4 Gayle makes 100 today
in before
That's a good problem to have lol
Yup Punjab aren't gonna win with all the Dew around. Ez win for RCB
In before
Possibly Bishnoi?
As a person living in Gujrat, I have problem with it
Imagine kholi and kumble in one team. RTG would burn out from over use.
Probably Pooran imo

>Won't complain if there's an earthquake as well.

Shhh don't give them ideas.
Just type 'Kuj' and get a stroke
well after chahal finished his 2 overs pant and hettie were playing both left handers and both very good players of spin
Maxi trashing pbks*
In before
Chahar over faf IMO. Faf is getting old, RTM might be better option
6 to 3 lol how did that happen?
why is mayank not playing
I think Mayank was not feeling well after being hit in the elbow or something last game, so was a forced change
Kl shami mayank bishnoi shahrukh. But obviously this is what sane ppl would chose.
Same when Gayle plays csk next time.
So India in 2017
afaik it's mean in before
Intent™ vs strike rate is overrated. Lessssgooooo
Not sure about how it's not showing up on the audio cause that's the only way to access it on Hotstar. BTW the Dugout stream only begins at the start of the match, maybe try accessing it then. 

If your using Hotstar on a browser then try this link-

[https://www.hotstar.com/in/sports/cricket/indian-premier-league/punjab-kings-vs-royal-challengers-bangalore-m702915/live-streaming/1540006190](https://www.hotstar.com/in/sports/cricket/indian-premier-league/punjab-kings-vs-royal-challengers-bangalore-m702915/live-streaming/1540006190)
Also...

Mayank AgarLOL

Yuzvendra Hahal

Riley MERRYdith
Gayle is friends with Kohli, so he wont trash RCB around today. Right guys? Guys....?
Yes, he's a strict coach but seriously isn't a clever one.
Injured
Why not mandeep over prabhsimran? Can open and bat 3 as well.Had a decent last season.
Injury
Man I love the dugout team
Aakash Chopra is doing a charity watchalong livestream for Covid.
Rift™ with Raul


RCB2 vs RCB1.

Im in dilemma whether to support the Kannadigas or the Bangalore representing team.
Injury
The IPL theme is so good
And he won them the first match
Fuck this shit man, should have got Malan in for meredith, why drop arshdeep? Atleast bring porel, Maxwell smashes spinners and ABD smashes these 150 kmph bowlers, bruhhh
Did PBKS give up on this tournament already? What the hell is that XI
Guys koach forgot to wish brohit Rift^TM confirmed
Friendly banter says that Gayle hits quick fire 50
Bro, leaving Shami out of PBKS is soo foolish. Teams die to have him on their side. And Nicky P too. Won't argue with the other options tho.
Where Malan?
Rahul hinte mayank might be having some niggle in hand  from yesterday so he misses out today.
MALAN...WHYYY
Punjab won both matches against RCB in 2020!!!
Porel is as good as Meredith or even better. Could easily have played Malan in place of Prabhsimran. Gayle would have opened with KL. Malan would have played at his usual position as well
Mayank has been dogsh*t except for one game.
why rcb thread has so many downvoters?
also why riley instead of jyhe
Foreign spot bro lol
Ham ko toh due ne mara IPL teams me Kya dum tha. 





Hamari tail waha suru jaha ukra rahul Ka stump tha 😖
I bet the Punjabis aren't waiting for their former colleague Maxwell
This is epic battle for the memehood we have been waiting for. Please don't disappoint.
How about this Rivalry

Koach vs Coach Kumble!
Parabsimran opening?
Why no washi
He has a 99\* against RCB
Should've dropped Chris.
Stop man, tis too much for 90s Kuldeep Yadav
If DC is not retaining Shreyas Iyer, I guarantee you MI will lunge for him. They had already asked DC for him couple of yrs ago.
RCB V/S RCB-A
Yooo is daniel sams a good batsmen ?
Bench
Open with Gayle dude
Yo boys, hear me cry tonight
>Very first thing Chahal is RCBs best bower okay? There’s a huge difference between dropping Chahal and washi. Secondly kohli did mention they have made this change after looking at the opponent

Sundar has a better record against right handers. Chahal is averaging a juicy 52 with the ball after playing on spin friendly pitches. He is literally an international bowler being out performed by the likes of Rahul Chahar, Ravi Bishnoi ffs
Yes
Let's see what Punjab's batting has in store for us in the "120-190 is lava" game
That's why we removed kumble as a coach for India..
Will Kohli remember how to hold the bat today?
Lmao
Did well in BBL and the Aus-NZ series
Open With Shami Dude.
Shami died?
I hope Rahul plays freely although looking at that batting line up it's not gonna happen..
Feels like Punjab will play with 3 overseas players before giving Malan a go
Why?
Man smashes 45 in 15 something the previous month against NZ
I heard Brohit wanted an expresso machine.
The idea of a 148 Ks bowler sounds good until you realise that 148 Ks bowler is spraying everywhere.
He's a good bowler and a decent batsman.
OG Meme Team vs Newbie Meme Team
Honestly with this line up if there is anyone PBKS can win against, it is RCB
Gayle not opening

Brain-dead
What did he do now?
So Gayle doesn't open..
RCB 49-10 or 268-5 ???
Thats it, cant support KLown Rahul anymore

why tf gayle aint opening
Why won't you guys open with Gayle wtf. He's an ATG opener in the IPL
Gayle still not opening.. well
Sundar is better against RHB than LHB
Yes
Lmao no Gayle
Clashes Of Coaches! Meanwhile Baz chimes in to promote his 160th amazon best seller novel!
Yo Rajat pattidar opening for Punjab
Gayle not opening yikes
Gayle 150
Brain dead selection
ATG?
If RCB doesn't win the title this year, another team will start sporting a jersey suspiciously similar to that of RCB in 2022.

This will continue until all the teams starts to play in Red and gold. And then one day when one of them wins the championship, the captain takes the mic from the presenter, reveals the real RCB jersey underneath and shouts at the top of his lungs for the whole world to hear "EE SAALA CUP NAMDE!"
Koach getting PTSD looking at Punjab’s jersey
All time great
Gayle opens or we riot
Master vs Student
who is that??
Bruh my dad legit asked kohli chose bowling and why are we batting?

Thanks Punjab!
You seeing this shit?
Are they gonna be playing with the Dukes ball?
Lmao
Saini?
Simran got fit
Feel like Maxis gonna bowl to Gayle or Pooran
Gotcha
Rajat pattidar lookalike
Singh looks artificially short like someone compressed him
Why is the best T20 opener ever not allowed to open over Singh
All time great
LMAO
I don't mind the Prabhsimran selection as he'll actually bring *intent*, but why the fuck no Richardson? The guy plays on the flattest surfaces, is asked to defend 100 and then chucked out? Fuck off. 

Also Gayle's last opportunity today. He's just had an impact in one game and in that too Punjab were chasing 120. At the moment he's living off reputation more than anything else. At least Pooran is being batted out of position and shit but Gayle has been a key contributor to Punjab's shitshow this season.
Scenes if first wicket falls in 1st over making Gayle open
Doesn't matter, this match is a practice for RCB. RCB A Team vs RCB B Team
Is sams a better newball bowler than Siraj?
The dude has better IPL record then Gill!
why meredith in place of jhye
SAMS IS NOT A NEW BALL BOWLER KOACH
Sadly I don't have an award to give u rn
Prabhsimran is a great opener

Although I would’ve liked to see Mandeep instead
I think the red team will win
Maxi should Bowl to Rahul and you know why
Prabhsimran 100 inbound
rare to not see koach in full sleeves while fielding
Remember when they had sent Prabhsimran over Maxi?
You don’t drop someone like Chahal who has picked most wickets for your team and isn’t performing well for few games that’s the reason why people like you aren’t managing bangalore. Why didn’t chennai drop gaikwad after his first three game?
Wtf gayle isnt opening???
Kumble is braindead
I am gonna cry if mandeep doesn't play this season and next season unsold 😔
I feel so at home watching SRH , KXIP matches and I am not crying at the end of the match. So good
Punjab fans wishing for a wicket early so that Gayle comes in during power play
Sams ending BBL haters on first ball
TOE CRUSHER
They lost by 2 inches
KL absorbing all the shock wave
How is Gayle not opening even now.
Rahul Gayle RIFT↑TM confirmed?
I swear if KL played anchor today with Gayle not opening.
Why very less upvotes
Whoa sams
What a ball
What happened to mayank?
Malan might as well go back to England man. Man is gonna spend the entire season in the bench.
"We should shield the guy with over 13K T20 runs and promote a 20 year old"
Dirk Nannes bowling well here
Swinggg
DONT GIVE HIM ANY WIDTH
PBKS and their stupid team management not opening with Gayle
He had a decent last season. I don't know why he is not playing in no.3
Batting only til 6 and no Malan lol, this team, idk why I keep supporting them
why not send Universe BOSS?
To play spin at the death

Big brain stuff
Vicious first ball
why the fuck is sams opening the bowling? what omega mega brained decision is this?
Kumble is out of his depth. Priety should fire him without severance and bcci should tax him for fucking with KL’s head.
RIFT^TM
Bruh Mayank where? And if no Mayank why no Gayle?
Visiting the threads 3 years ago and people shitting on Koach for booting Kumble out haha
Agents will bat at low SR to make sure RCB goes back on top
Yorkers in the 1st over of the match > Yorkers in the last over of the match.
This.
That won't end well
Gayle opening, considering his age, is a flop 9/10 times. So. I feel Punjab wants him to play an anchor and semi attacking innings to bring stability to middle order.
Rcb 2021 vs Rcb 2011
Wtf no Malan even today, I think kkr, rr, srh management are giving tough competition to each other on who is being more brain dead.
KL rahul should not captain India if his style is to make Gayle no 3
Injured
Breaking news:

Punjab fans donating 50k rupees to book Kumble's one way ticket to Zimbabwe
Injured
Clean from Sams
So a budget a Starc exists
If Punjab loses today, they can start their own IPL with KKR, SRH and RR.
Yes me too
Hot take
This is shit when you know you prefer a domestic batsman over the Universe Boss for opening.
Not playing Gayle to open is such a bs move
Rcb A vs Rcb B
Is it just me? I’m struggling to identify who is Punjab and who is Bangalore….
That's how you assert dominance.
Yay finally. Another magnificent test innings by KL on the way. The only legend to make white ball cricket feel like red ball cricket.
has kumble coached any other team to success (other than the India team when they had a great year)?
>Why didn’t chennai drop gaikwad after his first three game?

Except that Chahal has been having a shite season in international cricket for a while now. An average of 52 for your ace spinner after playing 3 matches in Chennai should probably be a crime.
Is mayank injured?
Cuz Kumble drunk af
Why not Gayle opening, why??
Yes
Only KL can break the record of koach for most runs in the ipl
Yup
OPEN WITH GAYLE MORONS
Who is that opener? Is he good?
Daniel akram?
Yep
oh good too much unnecessary talking in commentary already in 2 balls
So Gayle doesn't open and Malan isn't even in the playing 11. Cool cool cool
I think Prabhsimran will just swing wildly that’s the only way I can make sense of him opening over Gayle
I don't know whose management sucks the most

PBKS or KKR or SRH or RR
MI when they won their first-ever Cup in 2013!
SO MUCH RED AND GOLD
I don't know why but I feel like It's Kyle's game today. Hoping for his 3 wickets
Why's everyone bashing on Simran? Dudes just 20 and was in good form in domestic cricket. Sure he lost them one match last year that doesn't mean he shouldn't play smh.
Mayank is not in the playing XI and still they don't open with Gayle smh
Does SRK open for his domestic side?
Definitely pk
He shouldn't be playing ahead of either Gayle or poorab
Daniel wasim akram Sams
With Mayank out my interest in watching Punjab bat is down 80%
How huge an advantage would be batting second on this ground ?
Never forget that this is the same management that backed Maxwell for 13 games and then randomly axed him in the last game of the season vs CSK, which was a do or die contest. Also they dropped Arshdeep in that match after he was their best bowler in the second half of the season. Disgusting.
Injured
Is Sams bowling too good, or is it RCB Jr. just being themselves?
great over
Bishnoi will be troubling the big 3 of RCB tonight!
Ishan porel must be bowling lollis in the nets
oh really? ok
Lol 3 below par games so go home. Luckily people like you just sit on your sofa and not in rcbs management.
We’re making Sams look like prime Starc. Why do I even bother watching us in the PP
Good field placement. I thought that was going for four
Why the fork isn't gayle opening.This shit pbks management made Gayle no3 even in Windies side
Rcv vs ex-rcb
Good over sams
That's not the point. Gayle should've opened . No one would mind him at 3
Who will be your other opener along with rohit in t20 WC?

I'll go with shaw or kohli
Should've used their green jersey in this one
Koach was gonna score big today but they bowling first
Umm
Cmon miyan let's see the swing
Jamieson using all his 7 inch sorry 7 ft power to throw the ball
Good bowling
I hype KL before every match and he gives me the 👉🤡👈 treatment
Pooran is performing same as maxi did last year, get over big names ffs.
Watching this after Shaw's first over yesterday well it doesn't feel right
This is why I continue to expect Rahul to do poorly in tests. Looks awfully weak against a moving ball
bruh I just started watching and wtf happened to mayank, is he injured?
Was with MI in 2013 and 15 winning campaigns. Not the head coach, but in the support staff
Da One?
~~Daniel Sams~~ Daniel Starc
It looks like a RCB practice match. Pls change the dress code next year ffs punjab
RR got fucked over because of injuries, their squad was supposed to be great otherwise
Red gore unwatchable. Kings could have gone for any color. At least some teams should try away kits
Kohli said he will open so I think rohit and kohli at the top
Gayle is also out of position. He is an opener. Let him open. If he fails then drop him. Right now they want him to anchor at 3. He ain't no anchor.
Not shaw. Needs more international exp before playing a wc
probably the next punjab match
Powerplay runs are screwed for PBKS. KL SR is overrated and Prabsimran can't score at rate of Mayank
Is it just me or PBKS' pants are too narrow bottom and hence look kinda bad..
Injured
Kohli goes one down for India. They're gonna go Dhawan without a second thought for the first few games
yes
Why are they playing anushka sharma's movie song 💀
Come on Miyan let’s have some magic
Simple. Dumb management.
Kohli > Rahul > Ishan > Shaw
PKSB under Kumble = RCB under vettori
i have a feeling pbks may just go all out here and hope to overwhelm rcb
Yes
*cries in Dhawan*
That Sams over is exactly why Gayle doesn’t open, he can’t play the swinging ball anymore
Young Prabhsimran, is ready to go. Lol
Yep
These teams also have a lot ex players in common.

Off the top of my head KL, Maxi, Gayle, Mayank played for the opposite team.

Stoinis played for both and is now playing for Delhi
PBKS and SRH
Dhawan is in insane touch. Gonna be a tough decision
The latter
>Lol 3 below par games so go home.

*5 below par games. Doesnt even finish his quota of overs for RCB these days. Anyways, it is your club. As long as he doesn't weasel back into the Indian squad with performances like these, I'm cool with it.
We should drop pant and rabada, SRH should drop Warner as well then
I turned the tv on and not knowing who won the toss, I saw a bearded tatted dude in red and gold walking out with bat and pads, so thought to myself that RCB are batting first.  
  
Apparently not.
Its tough to be Koach at the moment.


On one side he would me reminiscing RCB 2013 days, on the other he needs to focus on this match & lead the team.
DA1
Mayank was the one who tried to play quick, without him PBKS might not utilize the fielding restrictions
Did Kohli cut the sleeves off a long sleeve jersey instead of just wearing a short sleeve one?
Can we get alternate kits to prevent clashes in the future?
Fucking thank you Lara smh
lol the smile of relief on Sams face
Has one of GOAT opening batsman, plays him at #3.

Has the No. 1 T20 batsman, a #3 specialist, doesn't play him.

Just Punjab things.
I lose one brain cell every time I see that Salman Khan ad
Atleast show intent™
Ross looks like he has been made a hostage to appear on dugout
he was given a chance last year in place of Mayank and he made the best out of it,even after his father passed away
my boi siraj in
Just realized the RCB logo is just the House Lannister crest with a crown.
RCB should have gone with their "Go Green" jersey tbh
He can barely run anymore either, might as well have him as a powerplay slogger
Rupees
Reminder

Mike hesson was the previous coach of KXIP
How is that wide????????
Yea
To think about it, IPL slapped diff in UAE 😳💉💉💉
Odd field set
Still can't believe RCB let go off KL
interesting field
I have never seen a bottle of *Tuborg drinking water*....
Man...seeing KXIP old jersey makes me feel so sad.
We’ll see how he performs.
I still can't find anything wrong with their old jersey or name, is it because of luck?
KL Rahul and PBKS management are the most selfis people
Good observation 😂
KL strike rate Watch: 33.33
Fuck you 😭😭😭😭
Yeah
Ross Taylor, 2009 RCB legend

Good times
Too expensive
Lol these noobs think they gonna win just because they won the toss. PBKS can score 100 runs and would still defend it against this shitty batting line-up. Best odi player in the world ? Lmao more like the worst cricketer in the world.

Please understand, I have my reasons to write this.
Coz it's bear
It's bumrah
Im just infuriated that the ipl teams have ignored tabrajz shamsi 

THE NUMBER 1 T20I BOWLER!!
Siraj is going to leak big someday, just hope it's not the Knockouts
Maxwell gonna bring out his a game today just give a extra fuck you to pbks
Why is KL so shit 😞
Can't drop pant and warner cuz captain, rabada can be dropped if continues poor performance.
It’s finally gotten to a place where it’s fun to watch RCB bowl.
Klasss
Holy fuck what a shot
What the hell Rahul
Wait what KL, that’s illegal
Dhawan. Experience plus great form plus ICC Dhawan is on anothe level. Even Shaw isn't a bad option. I don't want Kohli to open. He is good at 3.
Xhaka
I need KLPD to go and Lokesh to return
All this talent, and you rarely use it.

KL KL KL
Why don't more players wear the full sleeved RCB jersey? It looks better than the half sleeved.
oOf shot.
Reverse jinx?
Rohit sharma
I want PBKS to win so the fight for 4 th spot will still be there till the end of league games
Those are reserved for 3:30 matches right?,
It’s like football version of parking the bus. Except we aren’t winning .
Shotttt
I'm just here to see what creative excuses /r/cricket can come up with when Pooran fails to deliver again.
I will take a 60 ball 60 from KL but pls don't get out
Why is arsedeep dropped?
Ptsd
KLass.
SR = 100, woo hoo
Missing the days when RCB lineup had 2-3 bowlers you could easily hit for 20 runs.
I was wondering why you didnt show up yet
This aged like milk. Even less than that
Strike rate underrated
KL: This is 2018
Love me some KL any time of the day
Didn't age well
I stand corrected (but he'll still play a ton of dots after that 6) 😅
Oops.
Deposited
finallly SR is rated ✊💦💦
Klass 🔥🔥
It should've been the DC game but Pant having a Thala day let him get away
Understandable.
Nice shot
INB4 KL : Fuck r/cricket
Why is that one kkr fan on this thread talking shit about rcb ?
So Punjab will literally bat anyone but not Gayle in the opening for some reason
Intent from KL???😳😳😳
i can't believe ross fucking india over taylor is still playing for nz
Apparently Malan isn't even in the 18 players in the stadium, what even could be the reason for this? Disappointing in training? Injured? Rift?
Struggling to find an effective opening partnership?

Have one of the greatest opening batsmen of all time in your squad?

Solution?

Continue to bat him at 3

Profit???
Because heat
We do not mention anything. He who must not be named.
I want to see strike rate is overrated KL today
Strike rate is underrated
Back to test match cricket boys
Which team is RCB?
At last, some Intent^(TM)
Kl Rahul 132 PTSD
I know its hard for a kkr fan to understand that maybe Siraj has improved and have experience after a brilliant Australian series.
Did Preity or Kumble put a gun to your head?
The red one
Gaya KL
Why does everyone think Kohli confirmed he'd open in T20s from now on? I think it was a one time experiment thing. Dhawan is gonna open 100%.
It's very important sir. Will do this even if I am dead.
for a minute there I thought they dropped him.
You comment it right after that shot? Need something
Beep. Boop. I'm a robot.
Here's a copy of 

###[The Red One]( https://snewd.com/ebooks/the-red-one/)

Was I a good bot? | [info](https://www.reddit.com/user/Reddit-Book-Bot/) | [More Books](https://old.reddit.com/user/Reddit-Book-Bot/comments/i15x1d/full_list_of_books_and_commands/)
KL really does hate RCB, doesn't he? 

And now there's Maxwell as well.
Anyone else feel like KL is playing an ODI innings instead of T20?

He's looking for six and single
RCB fans still having trust issues. Can understand though, I still have them with just one bad season
I know it won’t happen but Kohli-Rahul opening in T20s would be unstoppable
Great shot, not all that short, probably wouldnt have played it outside the powerplay.
Both
KALE!
Biggest improvement in Siraj's bowling is his length. Earlier he used to bowl a lot of volleys, now he mostly bowls length and on off stump and occasional short of length to surprise..
88 strike rate kl😳
With gold helmet and pads
KL will need to legit score 100... he's the only chance IMO... Cmon PBKS
I would love a classic KL innings, he hits it so crisp. But not against RCB.
He frustrates you so much but then he plays shots like this six. Like you know he’s more than good enough, he’s just fighting some weird mental demons.
RCB really missed a trick not playing in their overpowered green jerseys. PBKS's game to lose now, I reckon
Rahul 6 *panik*

Rahul 9(10) *calm*
I know.
*Visible confusion*
You'll know what this means soon.
You can do this here ..but don't do this in international matches
Understandable
Lol Prabhsimran is the powerplay specialist and he's faced two balls in the first two overs.
Lol Prabh gave his all, ball barely moved
Idc if he isn't great on Indian pitches, there's literally no reason to keep playing Pooran over him
Siraj an absolute king now
Is it me or does KL sound almost Aussie with his “NO RUN” call?
I want old man Gayle to come swinging
AB has the best whistle in the IPL
Kyle let the midget take ball xdd
Ffs don't give 4th over to Jamieson. It's a free 20+ runs gift.
Because he said so?

I know him saying things doesn't mean anything, but he really did went out of his way to make sure people know he's going to open in t20s from now on.
Jamieson reached the ball in 2 steps.
Imagine Geoffrey Boycott and Richie Benaud commentating an IPL match.
Yes
I dont think Dhawan will open
Seeing Jamieson and Chahal run together is the reason I watch IPL for
Where is Arshdeep, is he dropped or injured
Dhawan's been so good this season
Universe Boss cucked by Gigachad Prabhsimran
RCB lose most of their Green games
Just to let you guys Know

Prabsimram is not a Akshay Kumar fan
PBKS ensuring that they have Punjab's support by replacing Arshdeep with another Sardar. 


Otherwise its mostly the Bangaloreans & RCB Fans supporting them.
Flair checks out
Doesn't Gayle switch it up against RCB
Why are they so rigid on not opening with Gayle? They had the opportunity to experiment today. I think they should have gone for it😅
Wtf is Sam's face XD
Wtf is that lenskart ad lmao
I won't mind unless koach does the same and wins the game
Mitchell Sams
Jamieson was absolutely incredible in the powerplay last match
What a shit over honestly. Ball was swinging a bit but he kept bowling it short. Why would you do that when you're such a good swing bowler?
KL reminds me of the tortoise on skates in the ipl
Okay wtf man can people stop shitting on Prabhsimaran it’s absolutely disgusting
Why won't they open with Gayle instead of prabhsimran
My words
For the sake of IPL, please beat your father team Punjab.
Dear PBKS. If Malan has left the bubble, just make the fucking announcement already, rather than having to anticipate whether he'll ever get a game or not. Can't even see him the Punjab dugout. You people deserve to lose. And sack Kumble. Doubt it will do you a world of good.
What was that look from Sams??? LOL
I just want to see Gayle tonk RCB bowlers once , is this too much to hope for
Man why are they not playing Porel smh? Should've been in the 11 today. Malan would've get the chance to instead of Meredith too.
Dropped
Does Sams action remind you of Tymal Mills?
Yeah, but even ignoring playing merit, an international player of good quality would atleast be on the bench in the stadium right? Makes me think that if he's not even brought to the stadium, there's gotta be something wrong
Would be really funny if RCB wear the green jersey when playing Punjab again to differentiate themselves.
Daniel scams
wow sams totally flummoxed him 💀
Sams seems to be the only australian who's happy playing the IPL.
Because kumble is fuckin brainded
Too many dot balls from Punjab.
Daniel sams action reminds me of  Dirk Nannes
Dan Sams bowling like Prime Mozzie Henriques from the other night against Mumbai
Guys what is a really good score at this pitch and how much do you predict Punjab will make?
Tom and Jerry lmao
Cus 🤡 management.
As Mr Nags says. Vaastu. Or else why wouldn't they go for a unique color, green , grey , teal, brown, Mustard , sky blue, Burgundy, Beige etc etc. 
No let's just go with gold cos 100% of the teams that have won had gold in them.
Craving Gayle Storm
Why match thread so ded, where are the rcb fans
Breaking : Malan is likely to be transferred to RR (or some other franchise) because he isn't even a part of matchday 18 squad today
Dropped
If there were any options for Rahul hitting 2 boundaries on Jaimeson's over I would take it.
RCB A have made the better start over RCB B
What's up with the fires in India? Anything to do with Covid
They are desperate to loose
I want that 14 ball 50 Rahul back.
Maxi??
Honestly they should
Hes faced 2 balls lol why everyone hating on him
Dropped. Just PBKS things
Just so you know: Malan hasn't even been coming to the ground. They have no plans of playing him
Yesterday DC reached 70 runs by this stage.
Rahul hits a six. Rahul is still 8(10)
200 is par I guess
I hate this team, for so many reasons. 

Most of it because Kumble has a weird way of rewarding players that perform
It's not RCB batting lol
Why is Mayank not playing? He hasn’t gotten tons of runs but he’s been good.
Wait until Rahul gets out. Thread will be flooded
Is it just me or is having a team with seven bowling options a bit of an overkill?
Yup that’s cremations
Sams with 2 quiet overs will be a gift for us
Why did they drop Mayank?
*bank* iel s*c*ams
Punjabis were using gender neutral names before it was cool.
The red and gold team
Ahaha nice slower one
Sams knows he's gonna get destroyed at the end, might as well smile when he can
FFS KL stop doing tuk tuk in the powerplay.

Too many dot balls
Young Prabhsimran has put one away, and he gets two whole runs!!! Woaaaaaah
RCB: Black and gold
I n j u r e d
Powerplay is the difference between Delhi & Punjab.
Niggle
He insured his fore arms last game
Bruh no way PBKS can defend anything with the dew around
185+ minimum.
How did i forget him!


Had only tye, kane & zampa in my mind.
Don't really know who wrote the comment but "Daniel Sams looks like an ostrich " feels truer with every ball he bowls.
KL says not enough
Why doesn’t he go back home, with covid being so serious. He can be safe with family if he’s not going to play
Is this.... Mitchel Sam's?
I wanna see Sams vs Shaw
I still maintain that Daniel Sams is half human, half overly-enthusiastic ostrich.
Injured.
Shit you are right, though they lose a lot these days anyway lol. I just recall their carnage against GL and imagine they could replicate it
Dankiel scams
Injured
Yes  cremation fires
Hope PBKS tees off in the last three overs of the powerplay. Need a good 40 to 50 runs on board to set a good platform.
Injury
Depends on how many of them are all rounders ig
Injured.
is this rcb's 2nd match with pbks or do they have anymore ?? Coz then it would be really cool of them to wear their green jersey on that match
This isn't Gayle anymore, he's an actor
Your 2nd most consistent batsmen in Mayank is injured, and yet you didn't use one of your overseas spots on bringing in the #1 T20I player in the world. 

What?
injured
We are fucked
Good guy siraj adjusting the side screen lol
Not against RCB please.
Spark®
For someone trying to prove themselves in their first opportunity this season, KL is probably the worst opener to partner with. Surely this builds more pressure on the other batsman to score?
Mods pls pin . Mayank is injured
Damn, Prabhsimran Singh is Mayank 2.0

Oozing Intent^TM
4-D chess by RCB so Gayle won't come in the PP
Shot
Bring the ropes in for Simran
It's their first match
100+ SR for someone finally
Adorable siraj checking if the board is placed properly
Prabhsimran lost a bit of weight I guess
They have one more next week
Prabhsimran Shaw
Don't need him at death,7 bowling options son 🤙
The one who will lose
Good Intent from Simran..
Wdym so far we're doing great
How????
KL Strike Rate Watch: 76 sr (with a SIX)
Jfc KLs average against RCB is ridiculous

70+ Average

150+ strike rate

Decent sample size too (8)
It’s kinda surprising how a lot of these teams don’t have black jerseys
Good over
100% agree.
I at the start of the season wanted Malan to be nowhere PBKS when they had Gayle and Pooran. But Gayle has not exactly gone berserk and striked at those monster SR at 3 he is basically playing like anchor only once has he striked at over 140. Pooran has been unimpressive. Surely Malan wouldn't have been worse today.
First match I think
They’ve only been playing dot balls and boundaries. Spinners will choke the runs after the fielding restrictions end and they’ll suffer
Wasn't he one of your best bowlers. Dude defended 13-14 of last over at wankhede.He then consistently performs well, gets dropped for Meredith who got pumped everywhere whenever he played
Prabhsimran showing intent. KL should just give strike to him, and let him go ham.
Guys,kumble is a tactical genius, we just don't see it yet. He doesn't want Malan to get used to the conditions which will help india, come the world cup
what's a par score on this wicket?
Is sams really a bbl warrior or is that just a meme? His action is really sexy and the consistency is there
100+SR from an opener 😍😍😍
Watching shaw and dhawan bat in the pp has ruined me

If you don't lose a wicket in the pp, anything less than 60 in the first 6 is a disgrace
Shaw would’ve smacked that
Thanks to the Singh-Kaur nomenclature otherwise without seeing it's hard to guess if a person named Prabhsimran is a male or a female.
Death taxes and KL Rahul 10\*(13)
KL really ends up with most of the strikes, doesn't he.
Siraj with that OCD issue checking that digital boards be aligned properly...
SRH
Dude fr the bottom 4 teams in this IPL have started so slow in the powerplay
Can't find a single PBKS flair
kkr's older jersey was kind of. and it looked good
Read on an insta meme page: Kohli is a true Indian - he's a Punjabi who was born in Delhi, plays for Bangalore and lives in Mumbai.
185
*Washington with an economy below 5 in the Power Play*


Koach : How about you become our net bowler?


/s
INTENT
Anyone hits a boundary

RCB Fans: PTSD
Nice fielding RCB
No second for Siraj?
And I doubt the new teams will have black ones too. Ahmedabad is definitely going orange
What, why replace Miyan?
I doubt the wc will still happen in India
Damn, thanks for the reply mate
intent (Tm) from Virat
KL when he plays against RCB with those stats:

Oh, this is a practice match against my own team.
King kohli setting the example
With Sams in the team, RCB shouldn’t have played Christian in so many games.
Happy hour (over) for Punjab
Damn, thanks for the reply mate
Sams staying back in India that too for a contract of just 30L during these tough times. Respect
Rahul becomes himself against MI and RCB. The rest of the times it feels like he's carrying too much of the burden
Oh so greater good . Helping team India even when he's not coaching
Black not auspicious
Black not so good in heat
Green too other than rcbs once a season green.
wow what a save
Why is Hotstar dugout streamed delayed by at least one ball? Is it for me or for everyone?
Prabhsimrah looks like a slogger
I confirm that
Stuck with work - haven't seen the match yet - are both teams wearing their red colors? Or has one of them shifted to an alternate jersey like they do in football?
And he's fucking over the defending champs WI by making their best players play out of position and ruining their form 🤔😂
15 + run over alert!!!
Also preet paradox.. Manpreet could be both girl or a boy..
I would say obligatory Dawid Malan where comment, but today was the perfect day to try it out, no?
Simran's just here to swing his blade
Donald Trump jr is bowling
Cant find a pbks flair?

Here, I'm crying, don't disturb
Star just show Kumble and Koach in 1 frame. Wont shit on you again.
Sams tested positive for Covid didn't he?
KLassy, yes. Slow, yes.
Virat with a full sleeve while fielding please.
He was recovering from Covid earlier
Why is Hesson so worried, mate its Prabhsimran not Pooran
Rahul is gonna get  70 runs at 110 SR isn't he.
So he's an engineer!!!
Same
That WC'19 audition ruined KL Rahul. Dude is more hesitant than I was before my Calculus test. Even when he scores, he doesn't generate an ounce of confidence.
hope punjab loses since they’re not playing arshdeep. garbage team, garbage management
Why was arshdeep dropped? He was the best bowler for PBKS
is there dew on this pitch?
Well fking done
It's delayed
Sams had covid
Breaking : Malan is likely to be transferred to RR (or some other franchise) because he isn't even a part of matchday 18 squad today
That was funny ..
Simran experiment failed..
lessgo
Toldya he's a fraud
Paji there was no need to hit on that
This is good bowling from RCB, there's barely been a bad 'hit me' ball. The boundaries have come from good shots and risks.
I thought koach would drop it lol
Yes Jamieson!!!
Big Kyle with the Kyle bounce
Agriculture™
Yssss go Aussie boi go
Prabhsimran still looks really raw
Generally between RCB vs RCB I would normally support for RCB winning, but to keep the tournament Interesting I hope RCB wins it today
JAMIE !!!!!
Oh my god Rahul is irritating. Putting pressure on the new batsman. Now he's gone :)
Ok someone here wanted Gayle to come in Powerplay. Here we go boys.
Jamieson is monstrously big
Man that guy really gets wickets. By now I'd say Kyle paid off 7-8 crores .
WICKETTTTTT YAYAYYYY
Ahh man Gayle is gonna come now....PTSD
Ohh bc lessgooo
Kohli has changed and I dont like it.
I was one of them to criticize his aggressive approach in the field. Fucker used to scream and didnt mind one on one with rivals. 
That is what defined him.

Now hes kinda calm and smiles, Ben stokes!
Nooooooo RCB, now Gayle will come in
Ohh Brian
KL has already played 7 dot balls already out of 13.
At least he tried.
Man kl simply wasting balls in pp.....
100 power

0 timing
Prithvi ,dhawan, kishan even ddp and mayank are better t20 openers at present than kl
Trashsimran continues to be trash. What a shocker!
> orange

You mean saffron?
Gayle to anchor like Malan but get all the praise for it while Malan would have caused riots
Bruhsimran
What kind of shot is that!!
The first RCB match where I'm not clenching my asshole after every ball lol
Brian got the script
5-D chess by PBKS to being in Gayle early
Why do I hear boss music?
What a waste why don't this dumb management just open with Gayle.
For those asking why jamie replaced siraj, this is why. The best time to bowl him is against uncapped indian batsmen
Is it just me or the Dugout have been spot on for so many alerts recently?
Hmm, fair enough
Lara finally got one right
What the actual fuck why hasn't Gayle opened today
True, this is where the Singh-Kaur nomenclature comes to rescue.
"vivo perfect catch"

god i hate that phrase
Kohli didn't drop?? Wow surprising..
Kiwi*
If Kohli had dropped that.....
Gayle opening back on the Menu bois!!!
ffs now Gayle is here in the PP
Bye bye bye. Gonesky.
*Kiwi boy
Malan would have surely done better than this?
They could have played Mandeep Singh lol
Oh man Gayle's here
Jinx
Answer to the 'why no Miyan' question.
Just tuning in... expected one of teams to wear an away jersey.
Big Brian Lara
Desperately need a high scoring match
Aakash Chopra pronounces Devdutt Padikkal as Devdutt Pallikkal
Why would you not play arsedeep in your 11
So u happy or sad lol
Its not his fault, that would have been a six if we had 15 m boundaries
When a cross batted shot goes wrong, damn it looks meek!
*Bonjour*
Kumble out there playing 5D chess
He already got Covid so not scared much must be one of the reason
Ishan Porel should have been brought in instead of Meredith and Malan instead of Prabhsimran. Gayle to open with Rahul.
I swear Jamieson keeps taking wickets with average deliveries
Couldve easily played Mandeep here. cant believe this management
Yes I realised xD
I also made a satellite with intel PC
Storm Incoming
brain dead shot
Better than Sreevats Goswami for SRH
And married a girl born in UP
How did I understand that.
Mayank faked injury, because that Rahul-Mayank-Gayle line up against RCB is just too much. /s
Especially binga yesterday
The NiyoX ads are the new king of illogical ads
Imagine getting out to Kyle Jaimieson lmao
He's opening now with 2.3 overs left in pp
RCB on strike 

RCB on non strike 


RCB bowling
Who is this prabhsimran dude and how does he keeps getting picked ffs. remember him losing kxip a game vs kkr last year singlehandedly
Gaylestorm or drop him next match and bring malan in
Guys Guys, are we the good Team?
Would've been cool. But I don't think it'll be a big problem in cricket
I’m gonna pretend this is the opening pair.
He's still that way in international cricket tbh
I didn't pick Rahul for my small leagues team 🤡
Gayle about to get out quickly
Send Shami you cowards
Ross Taylor 😍
163
Gayle should be opening. He needs balls, no point him coming in at 3.
That ad gives me PTSD
The boss is here.
7(7) > powerplay wasting 60(50)
Good backward defence
Well it's working.....so why not.
Jarrod Kimber did a very good video recently about batting drop after the powerplay.

https://youtu.be/_ymh1-VXJu0

Pbks are not playing aggressively  even during the powerplay
My god KL Rahul is irritating
Two more wickets and we'll give Jamieson the status of *Namma hudga*
Lmao
Whatever happened to Mandeep? Why not him over PrabhSimran?
Gayle Storm please
Punjab is so meek this season
Kohli looks like a kid in front of jamieson lol. He's too tall
IPL really needs away jerseys
KP lol
Should’ve played Mandy. Atleast he’s former RCB plus always love to see him
Play.
Now KL has to defend his wicket to stop a collapse, smh
Pop quiz , What's the difference between "MRF ZLX you can bet on it" and "You can Bet on it if it's MRF ZLX " ?
Maybe it's just me but Prabhsimran Kaur sounds more apt
We don't like making sense in this team
Prabhsimran's shot was so bad even Kohli was able to catch it.
GET IN JAMO
Scenes if Koach dropped that 😳
yes, we are.
universe boss take our energy \\m/\\m/\\m/\\m/
Two former RCB boyz. One of them a stalwart.
"Power their future. Empower their dreams" Ah, yes, the Engineering dream. In India.
Inb4 the 4 Punjab fans attack you
What was the point of dropping Mayank?
The classic RCB had 3 important components:

1. Gayle, Kohli & ABD trio

2. Vijay Mallya

3. White Mischief Girls
Never fucking question hesson's decisions 

Didnt think Jamieson was going to be worth it but wow
Who would you rather chose?

Pandey or KL
Prediction: Rahul will get out with less than 100 SR
Had virat dropped that... Riot
I g Koach fields better with half sleeves
Is RCB bowling or batting? Can’t understand :(
Common Punjab they are our Openers :(
Now gayle would need at least 15 balls to settle down.
Expected RCB to wear their green jersey actually. Never seen away jersey worn by other teams
I wonder what percentage of people watch cricket becasuse they are into betting or have a team in dream11.
injured
Still don’t know why Gayle isn’t opening
Legends waiting for Purple patel
Injury
KL Rahul strike rate in the powerplay in IPL 2021 watch:

96.2

That's 101 off 105 balls after playing 4 matches at Wankhede.
WTF Gayle has only played 139 matches?
Kl Rahul should be the one taking charge and attacking in the PP
injured
Bruh did the commentator just call Gayle **naughty**
Yes KL I'm sure Gayle wants that quick single
Yea shud have let him play with his injured hand
Ngl, was kinda scared seeing it was kohli under the ball. His ground fielding is god like, but his catching has been average
Back after temp ban! Missed commentating on match thread
Would be a Tactical drop^TM
All punjabi male and female names can be composed of a set of prefixes and suffixes.
New version for new year
He's sick
The classic RCB had 3 important components:

1. Gayle, Kohli & ABD trio

2. Vijay Mallya

3. White Mischief Girls


Jamieson is the white mischief girl ???
109 dube-esque dibbly dobbly from Kyle
Jaimeson started of as a batsman and was until 2 years ago
KL auditioning for a comeback into the test side?
with KL in orange cap mode, it's Gayle or bust (especially since they send pooran too low)
11(16) in powerplay , nice
Bruh
Gayle's sr is down to 149 due to this season.
Message from the IPL teams:

If you are an overseas player and don't bat in the top 4, you better be ready to bowl some medium pace in the powerplay and death overs.
KP I think. He has been using “naughty” all IPL 🙄
Shhh.. Punjab management doesn't do sensible stuff...
*Don't blush baby*
That dude used to throw wild parties.
Wait for YUZI
Lmao Kohli is like one of the best fielders in the team after Jaddu nd Manish.
What happened to Mayank?
Strike rate is overrated and Running is overrated at the crease now.
Was Hesson coach for Punjab at one point?
Why did you got banned? I'm just curious
KXIP should get Malan in place of Gayle or Pooran
Tuktuk chalu
Thala
Why were you banned lol
Why is KL not even at 100 SR in the Powerplay?
Don't forget occasional Deppika Padukone Cameos.
Who is mallya?
Yo that rbi advertisement jump scared me
<Rahul 65(55) coming
If KL is so worried about PBKS collapses, maybe he can move himself down the order and let others at the top express themselves. KL's slow innings anyways doesnt help the team with or without collapses.
Alternative prediction- Rahul will remain not out with less than 100 SR
SR Rahul retains the strike
😂😂
Yes
Lol gotta be careful xd
Lmao why did you get banned?
Thanos Patel
Yes
Injured
this is real life dude 
the tall guy gets the wickets
Yeah, I get it. But we really need away jerseys. The DC vs MI and RCB vs KXIP matches are hard to watch
It's overrated :D
Injured
At this rate forget about Maxwell we might not even see Patidar bat.
Yup
Ranveer singh ads are so irritating!
Yes
What SRT is to ODI Gayle is for T20s. There, I ve said it.
KL was a beast in his first Punjab season. What captaincy does to u
KL should give up captiancy just so that he go backs to his old self. Anyhow Punjab is losing under him, might as well get to see him bat agressively, even in a losing cause. He used to so intimidating and beautiful to watch :(
I spoke I'll of another subreddit here
Upstox is shit
Too bad my PC blew up when I started it due to heating
If pooran isn't doing well, then why not push Kl or Mayank down the order and push Gayle and Malan up the order ?
I’m sure someone pointed it out but RCB vs RCB
Im sure RCB will win today
You would expect team's to learn from Shaw's onslaught yesterday and utilise the powerplay to the maximum, but here we are
RCB really playing with Rahul, Simran and SRK in the same team.  Get a Kajol. And they can rename the team to DDLJ which I'd prefer.
Or whatever Pollard bowls.
This thread when RCB, CSK or MI is not playing - I sleep,  
This thread when RCB, CSK or MI play - I wake
I won't support Indian team in T20 WC if KL Rahul opens for us, it has to be Shaw or Sikhar
It's a practice match in the RCB camp. A Team vs B Team.
Gotta love the dugout
Ah ok didn’t know
I spoke ill of another subreddit here
Got an injury in his forearm
I agree with KL Rahul's plan here to see off the first 20 overs and only start attacking after that.
Covid is always a concern but these Aussies fear the Australian Government closing borders for anyone travelling from India. But yeah you've got a point there.
played #3 like once last season and scored a brisk 27(18)
Man yesterday DC was playing with 15 RR and here we are not even touching 6
KL has hit a six and is still on 12(18)
12(18)*:  *Strike rate is overrated*
Pandey is aggressive atleast during pp this season. Wtf happened to rahul?
Think Van Der Dussen is already on his way to RR.
Even when he was in debt xD
Reverse Jayasuriya
Where is KP sourcing his coke from within the bubble? Bcci must investigate if there has been a breach.
CSK too afraid to remove lord from the playing XI, imagine if they remove Lord and then they loose a row of matches
Did I hear a call of 2?
Lol Kris Srikkanth going off on PBKS batting in the Tamil commentary
Do you guys think Jamieson can give tough competition to Pat Cummins as the most handsome player ? Ofc we are not counting abd he is the judge.
Rcb's plan to win the game - Let KL bat till 17th over
Why is prabsimran having post out kholi vibe face there
All of you can STFU. Strike rate is over rated, especially in T20.
Hot take - The collapse of PBKS happens because openers are two slow and get out and the other players get out trying to hit the balls.
Universe Boss hit out or get out
Gayle may be out on siraj ball
Lol no doubles now
WTF I just turned on to match and KL playing Manish and Warner combined
Probably ABD
Why isn’t Mandeep playing if Mayank is injured? Some decisions baffle me
They call thala tuk tuk then what the hell is kl Rahul ? Tuk tuk pro max ?
Do you think RCB will win today, I hope not
Captaincy has taken its toll on Kl's freedom of play ...
Not shaw pls
Tried to increase the run rate, so he was dropped
RCB's should go back to wearing the Green Kit, It was Aesthetically Pleasing.
Met his coach a while ago here in NZ, can confirm. His dad always wanted him to be a batsman
Dont forget RCB betrayed you Gayle

End them!
Real shit?
If not Dhawan, it’ll be Kohli. SKY is our number 3 now. 

There’s simply no place for KL Rahul. Unless Iyer is unfit and KL plays at 4.
RBI kehta hai powerplay me safe khele. Strike rate ma chudaye

T: RBI says play safe. SR is overrated
Shikar can be, Shaw negligible.
I became a fan because of that GAYLE-KOHLI-ABD trio
Imagine having one of the best openers in t20 cricket and still striking like it’s the 5th day of a test match
How many more overs till stumps?
KL needs to take a risk sooner or later. Getting bogged down is no good. Gayle isnt going to rotate strike too much.
For some reason I don’t see any ads on Hotstar, not sure if it’s because of Kannada Commentary
Boult cutie?
sometimes it be frustrating to watch Rahul bat
Akash chopra Live watch is actually good. Totally unexpected
Just joined..Is the wicket slow or has KL started suicide mission again ?
Rahul hit the fastest 50 in the IPL. The change is so stark
KL Rahul just becomes so irritating with his "SR is overrated" BS. Specially given the skill he has.
abd keeping next to gayle somehow gets me so awkward
It's been so long since I saw a full toss hit for a six.
The worst part of KL batting is absolutely no Intent to score fast. Out of 10 shots, 9 are played down in 30 yards for a single. This is not how you bat in PP.
As an srh fan, our middle order was giving me migraines. Too bad, no respite for pbks fans. It starts from ball 1
Going at 5 RPO and purple Patel hasn’t even bowled yet
Agarwal get's mentioned as KL's buddy more often then he gets mentioned for being the only aggressive top order batsman for punjab
Unless its not 2016 again no we are not wearing the green jersey
Gayle nudging full toss 😒
I see few ads on dugout but they are rare.
Punjab, SRH and KKR also have some exciting players to watch but they are not doing themselves any favor.

RR - the less we talk the better
Miyan Bhai take Gayle's wicket please
The latter
Bc ek toh shot khel le Rahul
If this fucker does this in the WC
The way KL is playing in this IPL with less than run a ball, its nice that Kohli decided to open.
Kumble: Because.
Tf is Rahul doing, this inning too is also looking like negative impact innings like warner
Loved the sportsmanship between Kohli and Gayle
Didn't really get the point of Gayle at 1 down. He is explosive - send him up top.  


If PBKS is trying to protect him from hardcore pace, bowling teams will just reserve those overs till he comes in.   


Especially with KL deciding to anchor rather than attack, a reliable hitter at the other end just makes better sense.
PBKS are under pressure from 1st ball because of the openers
Koach at one point wanted hesson for the job of Indian coach.
Miyan >~<
Why does no ipl team wear any shade of green?
KL RAHUL HITS A SPECTACULAR FOUR. HIS STRIKE RATE GOES UP TO 85
Reason for ban?
🤣💀
13 of 19 . Dude seriously?
Ab ek aur khel le saale
48k cases reported in my state today

Stay at home and enjoy IPL guys 🙏
Genuinely? Why? Zerodha better?
is it weird I want my team to get absolutely demolished?
le bhai , but sirf ek hi
Miyan what is this behavior?
PBDDLJ  is a good name.
the match hasn't even started and KL already "can't get himself going"
KLass
You know shit's fucked when CSK 2021 would have scored around 50 runs about now in the powerplay. This is some CSK 2020 Powerplay shit.
With KL's slow batting, Punjab collapsed to <120 in all 3 matches he went early.
Hes auditioning for the WTC
I want to see a 100(70) from KL with a pbks collapse and rcb crusing to victory
I hope people see the problem here. After a start like this, KL *HAS* to ensure that he bats through 18 overs and finishes with 80(54) or something. 

He can't hit one more six and get out and blame the other batsmen when they collapse. WTF are the other batsmen supposed to do when they come in to bat at 30/2 in the 7th over? They have no option but to go berserk and that'll result in collapses. It's criminal to be wasting the best phase in the game like this. No mental gymnastics can justify this type of batting.
He ain't playing in WC.
csk?
I think hesson will be our next coach after shastri.
So which RCB is kl playing for today
2nd boundary in 20 balls .. hope he catches up and doesn't get out on 55(51) or something similar.. c'mon man show us what you're capable of..
I've seen Sehwag bat quicker in Tests ffs
Miyan either bowls well in the powerplay or death. Guess we know what today's choice is
nice post flair
I would love if after the match all (current & former) RCB players - Kohli, Abd, Gayle, Rahul ,Chahal just form a circle and have a classic oonga boonga style dance.
Check neighbours
Pak intensifies
On a second thought, Malan replacing KL at this moment seems better option than Malan replacing Gayle/Mayank.
Green and hide in the grass to confuse the batsmen, nice idea
17*(21) in the Powerplay should be absolutely criminal for any opener in T20
Lol
KL Rahul in 2018: 19 ball is enough for 50 runs

KL Rahul Now: Let me get set bruh.
KXIP
I'm genuinely curious about the thought process behind the PBKS jersey design.

Did no one ever think for a second that it's very similar to RCBs old jersey? Or is that the point...to get more publicity from that stunt?
Your runs doesn't matter if you play at this strike rate
The IQ of PK management can be easily seen based on their decision to have such a stupid name change.
Pak***an  
/s
Lol what is this flair XD
Same feeling I had with Dhoni some years back.
Its called bromance
You know the answer
Major throwback to CSK 2020 by some teams here lol
The flair lmao
Royal Flushed!?! What?
(☞ﾟヮﾟ)☞
you think gayle will play for WI in t20 world cup? It'll be like a reunion with old friends for him if he does.
Miyan Bhai getting tonked while Jammo and Sams go for test economy rates
i dont mean to insult, but my dad it was because its the color pakistan wears
KXIP: *plays at <100 strike rate*


*finishes with a total of 132*


*Shocked Pikachu face*
And he holds the record for the fastest IPL 50.
Malan needs to take over the anchor role nad KL needs to go back to his old self
When Gayle runs for a single it’s like he’s running for two
>19 ball is enough for 50 runs

14 lmaoo
Gayle lololol
Now that Punjab copied RCB's kit,

RCB should make their green jersey regular one.

I would watch match for that colour alone.Aesthetically pleasing.
2021 Warner says hello
I think Gayle gonna kill Chahal's bowling
Is this a good batting pitch?
So what was the plan with dropping Agarwal? The opener who's actually been performing at a decent strike rate for Punjab....
Lol a Punjabi captain of Bangalore and a Bangalorean captain of Punjab
Hey don’t insult Sehwag like that
Can someone explain what's the difference between director of cricket operations and head coach?
Random woman shutting down mansplainer Tendulkar
Kohli has become less angry and more cheerful these days hahaha
Can't wait for the #1 ICC T20 Batsman In The World's memoir about this tournament...
Even if he’s not in the playing XI, he should be in the team I feel.
we really don't need 3 commentators. Fuck KP.
Gayle Russell Narine will all return
Mods = Malan stans confirmed
14*
Injured.
That is one argument against all those who say KL Rahul bats too slow. Cos he has to anchor the innings or else punjab is done for.
Injured
Likewise for KKR.
KL will become bald by the age of 32/s
KL thinks he's just have a net with fellow PUBC bowlers
There are two teams with two shades of blue and two teams with red and gold kit. There are so many exciting and vibrant colours out there.
He's hurt.
Injured bc
Mandeep Singh, Mayank aggarwal
Fuck buyjus fuck unacademy and fuck whitehat jr
Injury
KL: But not for me.
Kayle and Gayle
Oo lala la la leyooo
injured ffs
For that he had to play first, fuck this management
Ur flair makes this more funny
siraj went from being an exclusive power play and shit death bowler to decent power play bowler and gun death bowler
RCB should've worn their Green Jersey today. They've almost always lost when they wore that colour. This match would have been their redemption.
Injured
Chris Jordan
He got injured. People aren't dumb enough to drop him...
Especially when replacement option is Prabsimran. No disrespect to him but he is nowhere near gayle
Ah ok, thank you, that clears it up a lot haha
He's not the captain plus he's got Sachin dravid Laxman dhoni behind him
Big man vs big man
We stan with Dawid
Bumrah 🤤
Zerodha is shit as well. But its kite as is good.
Most people use zerodha because of hammer-marketing done by youtubers.
So if Pooran fails again, can we get Malan & unleash Rahul?
Looks  like storm is on tonight
I don't think Rahul will play like for India . Especially not with virat "intent" kohli leading the side.
Short ball incoming.
Very few sights as terrifying as Gayle running at you full speed. Better get out of the way.
Wait Kohli is Punjabi??? I always thought he was from Delhi
Especially someone who has been striking it well. If you’re genuinely struggling on a good pitch, then fine.
Out of 31 balls bowled kl has faced 21 balls
Starts like these are why I hate when pk bat first
Potato and potato
did asics sponcor lot of player for this ipl ? even gayle is wearing them. i thought he had deal with adidas.
Wait till they insert royal or challenge in their name in a couple of years..
Battle of the big men, Jameison vs. Gayle.
He won't start. Don't worry. It's going to be Rohit-Kohli or Rohit-Dhawan.
Please punish RCB for releasing you, Gayle!
GayleStorm comingggg
BOSS in the house 😎
No, we never been successful except that one match in Green kit.
"No malan no party"

Love it
Gayle out
Alpha attacking Alpha
hahaha Koach "relaxed captain".
This is why you send Gayle in the power play
The captain should have a stern word with him. Oh wait...
Reason 7364946 why Gayle should open: over 5.1
I thought Kohli was from Delhi ?
Horrendous powerplay batting. It's so frustrating to watch KL bat. More so than someone like Manish, because KL actually has the talent to go score big at 150+ SR.
Happy over?
As per the owners, it represents more of the older Punjab jerseys 🤷🏽‍♂️
"It was a blessing in disguise"
Are you forgetting the match vs gujarat lions in 2016?
Don't see how that's relevent
It's gonna be the same thing all over again. 

KL is holding the middle order back. We all know how good Pooran is. Shahrukh is a beast. They need to bat deeper so that the faster players can free there arms. KL can still be as deadly down the order like Kohli was for India. KL played really well at 3. I believe Pooran shud be up the order.
Wait i have read this before..kkr?
IPL 2025 : *PBKS with Red & Black jersey*
So what's the problem with kl rahul exactly now?

Why can't he play T20 like a T20..

The way he is batting he will put unnecessary pressure on gayle..

He needs to make up his mind about his approach..

Also someone should inform him that he is now a permanent at  No.4  slot in ODI team, so no need to play the role of an anchor just to show the selectors..
6 4s an over again?
Lol no malan no party?
Universal boss doing universal boss stuff
Last time Sandstorm, this time Gaylestorm.
Gayle looks in mood.. come on.
Dan Christian , Shami , murugan ashwin
Is pbks the most unlikable team rn ? Trash name, trash jersey, trash management, trash performance. They are not even entertaining anymore.
c'mon gayle 4 sixes now
That's not a good excuse at all. 

DDLJ aren't doing great with him batting like this anyways.
*cries in gujarat lions*
Kyle's extra bounce is not working lol
Original RCB vs Kock-off RCB. Gaylesotrm either way!
Gaylestorm is here?
At this rate Gayle 100 in 40 balls
Ffs 

As much as I love a gaylestorm i'd rather it didn't happen against us
No Malan No Party 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Yes pickup the run rate I wanna see some runs.
Finally some runs god it was boring till now
Which one?
I hate how the Punjab jerseys look more like the original RCB jerseys than the actual RCB ones.
KL Rahul is slow as a turtle. No wonder Punjab is sinking.
I'm actually thinking KL is unable to go back to his old self
Oh so Gayle can utilise the powerplay very well

PBKS Management- *Shocked Pikachu Face*
Even Pujara in mid-overs had a better strike rate than Rahul in powerplay. Time to officially give the title 'The Wall' from Dravid to KL.
KL seekhle universe boss se bc
What does 'unleash Rahul' mean? Is he going to score a 60-ball fifty?
Yass Gayle storm is on
2 cr Gayle vs 15 cr Jamieson
kong vs godzilla
Is this a batting pitch?
Go Gayle... come on
😐
ABD is more of a match winner. Proven by the number of MoM awards he has had in IPL. What I am saying is in terms of pure batsmanship and records that this guy holds, he will be the benchmark for T20 openers in the future.
I'm so scared of Gayle
Come on Chris, make enough for Maxy to get a century
24 of the over loading
Lol commentator said he is going to play less than run a ball.
Gayle had enough of dot balls. Took a quick single to get in strike and tonked the bowler for a four first ball.
Gayle copying Shaw
I dont feel so good Mr.Strark
One more classic Gayle innings, for the ages cmon
No experimenting with curses.
ah shit a gaylestorm loading!
What else do you expect from Gayle
Wtf gay le
Christopher pls not today
Yes! Gaylestorm please!
As an SRH fan, I decided to watch only SRH and KKR's matches. SRH coz I have to,  KKR just to feel better after watching SRH's game.
Gayle striking at 250 already
Wicket incoming??
Boss 💦
Isn't abd looking kore young and cute damnnn
Intent™️ from Gayle
Who in tha house??? Gayle in tha house!!!
Gayle saw Shaw yesterday.
Now RCB will face his wraith..
This goes on Punjab can get to 171 and RCb to chase it with 9 balls remaining
Gaylestorm!!!
Who knew Gayle can hit well in the powerplay. Kumble is a proper 🤡
Chris shaw
6 4s again wtf
15.5 crores
Jamieson uncapped indian players ke peeche, Gayle Jamieson ke peeche too much fun

T - Jamieson targeting uncapped indians, gayle targeting him back
That's why I said almost. Sure, they didn't every match with the green jersey. I'm team RCB here. I just don't like the Punjab Kings lol.
monkaW Gayle, slow down
Jamiesons bounce TM is just helping Gayle at this point
6 4s ???
Gayle Shah!
How to bat in powerplay 101
It's crazy to think how a single RCB batting line-up of 2016 Kohli, Abd, Gayle ,Rahul birthed 2 strong batting line-ups.
Rahul probably telling gayle to take his time
Bruh
Holy shizz 4 4s
My dream is coming true today
yay, need a proper gayle storm: want to see abd bat
NO DON'T PRITHVI SHAW THIS
Giving him dollies
Damn, 6 fours?
Jamieson shocked gayle rocked
Wow..loving it
High time for Jamieson to fetch that dukes ball from his bag
This is why you need to open with Gayle!! **Smh** Punjab's management
Gayle = Shaw?
This is why Gayle should be opening you benchods!!!!!
Gayle storm :p
Lesgoooooo
We have collapsed to ~120 every time KL got out early this season. I have no problems with him anchoring and playing all the way through
RCB A vs RCB B
Why isn't mayank playing??
Gayle storm idgaf about rcb
Fucking hell.
Lol wtt
Gayle showing the world ... He works best in the powerplay....
Why tf can’t they just open with these two ffs???
I think the team in red is winning tonight.
Gaylestorm is here! Where do we hide?
Gayle: Fine I'll do it myself then
Lmao Jamie
This is why gayle should open for PBKS
Do I hear strong winds? Oh wait...is that a Gayle storm?
Amazing!
Whys he not bowling short balls to Gayle
when rcb has played In this stadium storm has arrived
Boys, Panic Mode : ON!
Gayle watches Shaw videos for motivation
WHY TODAY
The bowling in this over is hot trash
Mayank, Mandeep, Sarfaraz too loool
Ex RCBian flex
No Gayle not today pls
Dugout is so biased lmao. Brett Lee jerking off about Jamieson is fucking cringe.
Chris Gayle still angry about not getting a call back from RCB
This is why you send the Big Daddy in the powerplay!!! ✊💦💦
Christopher Henry Shaw
Rcb is fucked up if prime Gayle returns for this match.
Gayle should have opened today instead of that Prabsimran guy
Gayle can save our spot in points table. 🤐
Can't decide if I'm happy or sad
Fuck
traitor
Injured
Don't know why Punjab is so obsessed with Gayle.. His success rate in this IPL is strictly 50:50.

If only they could rest him and give Dawid Malan a chance. 

Yes. I'm watching his innings today. But, I still stand by my opinion
Wait you mean that Gayle is good at batting against the new ball??

Like an opener?
BC
Ruining a good power play in one bloody over
Gayle storm pls.
Punjab should play to win today
Just went to the kitchen to get water and he's brought the GAYLESTORM on
If only PBKS sent him to open
Gayle Shaw!
Gayle shaw prithvi's innings
The audacity of these mods putting the "No party" flair when Gayle is on song
Jamieson to Gayle is like running Windows in 125% scaling
Lucky for Punjab that Gayle got an over in PP.

Lucky for RCB that Gayle got only one over in PP
WHY TODAY
Not feeling 100%. Got hit on the hand last game.
all hail kl rahul for milking singles! never change!
Kyle "Mavi" Jamieson 😂
PANIK
lmao Gayle showing who is the BOSS to Jamie!
Gayle showing KL how to bat.
Jesus why couldn't Gayle do this for any other team why us😭😭
🐂💩
If Daddy Stormy is the one to defeat RCB I'm not even mad.
Got hit in forearm last game..
If Gayle is going to play then surely he has to open to make use of the power play like he's doing right now
Agreed
Make it 6 fours in a row pls
Who knew Gayle can hit well in the powerplay. Kumble is a proper 🤡
Bruh you can't be 18 (21) in the Powerplay
Poor Jamieson
You know you are the universe boss when the no. 1 T20 batsman in the world is your back up.
If KL and PBKS management are so scared of KL getting dismissed early resulting in a collapse, they should make him play no 4 or 5 and let someone else open with Mayank(don't ask me who, that's their problem not mine). They can't keep wasting the most fruitful 6 overs of their innings.



PS- They have Gayle lmao, just let him open.
Gayle playing with intent
Gayle now has the same no. of runs as KL in 15 less balls
Has to go fast and short right?
Pls NOT today Universe boss
Gayle is Shaw 2.0
Gayle storm today (◣‿◢)
Kumble and selfish Rahul are the worst. It is obvious to us noobs that Gayle must open with Agarwal. Rahul really slows things down.
Game gone
Full toss worked lol
So a Gaylestorm instead of sandstorm today?
18 of 6 lmfaoooo
Probably gonna get out soon... hopefully
Rahul’s facial expressions looks like he’s the one striking
That should've been 5
Shit bowling
universe boss !!
Should've been a fifth four
Virat to Gayle - sledge bhi nai kar sakta pyaar jo karta hu 

T - I can't even sledge him because I love him.
Ofc it has to be today
Poor bowling by Kyle though
hoof at least not 6 in a row
This pitch is a road and KL is 18(21)
Ayeeee smh so close
Is there a Storm Brewing....
Gayle, accelerating innings since 2008.
Yay atleast not 6 fours
Punjab pls beat rcb and make ipl interesting
Gayle telling the team at what position he wants to bat
Seriously don't mind getting wacked by Gayle, this is the guy who got me into cricket with his batting
Mavi in shambles
Gayle has faced one third the balls of Rahul made the same runs
Sign of relief
No Shaw today ;(
Prithvi Shaw: Been there done that
Mods...can u please temp ban people who are getting triggered over cricketers donating money to help with the covid situation?
Not trying to Jinx..

But it would be great if we can get a century from gayle..
Pbks are really wasting gayle at 3. Gayle is a proper batsman who can use field restrictions to fullest
Damn it! Why are full tosses so OP in this IPL?
Jamieson shocked that a guy with over 13K T20 runs can smash 120 Ks length deliveries.
 KKR , they too are boring this IPL
Gayle driving home the point to PBKS knucklehead of the think tank to let him open
Look and learn RAHUL
KL rahul is so selfish. I hope he continues these innings throughout IPL so that we don't have to see him play for India.
options > restart match
Stop it !!
Jamieson was finally able to breathe!
Shaw > > Gayle confirmed
Idek why on earth would someone drop a bowler like Harshal Patel, who's on full swing 😒😒
Two fielders in the leg side outside the circle. Guy bowls a full toss to his off stump.
prithvi shaw >>>>> gayle confirmed libtards
😏
A full toss lol
Need to take pace off.
This is gonna motivate Rahul to play even slower.
Lmfao
Injured
I wish teams had better jerseys, names and logos. What's with only blue, red, yellow and variations thereof? Why use Kings or words that suggest superiority? And lions? Is that all we have in India?

I suggest these new names and colours -

MI: Mumbai Blockbusters, standard mix of blue and gold.  

CSK: Chennai Detroits, bright green with a touch of black/red. I have a soft spot for CSK so might as well not change anything at all like Thala.  

DC: Delhi Capitals is good, greyish brown? Like the NZL jersey from a few years ago?

SRH: All good. Perhaps tone down the blackness and bring in a dash of pink instead? Or the Deccan Chargers alike colours?

PBKS: Abomination. I don't know what they need to do but they need to do something.

RCB: Pleasing colours, catchy name.

KKR: Great name, switch colours to their training kit from 2019/2020. 

RR: Rajasthan Castellans! Again, training kit >>> playing kit.
Yeah okay Rcb are fuxked
Gayle having to earn that $$ paid for.
Welcome to IPL Jamie boi.
Now it's a party.
Now it's a party.
damn that dot ball
Hahaha I was about to say this was a great powerplay before this over
Single handedly salvaged the powerplay. THANK YOU BOSS!
*Vintage Gayle*

That long on fielder can't stop that, I don't understand why Jammie is surprised.
Lara's intuition is quite good. He predicted Gayle going big just by looking at his strides.
Holy shit Gayle unleashed
Rons, 20 of them.
Klass
Single-handedly gave life to scoreboard
Gayle is so weird to watch. when he bats and it looks so stiff but then he just has so much power he can hit it anywhere and hits it fucking hard
Rahul 18 (21), 
Gayle 18 (6)
KP is awful in comms
I want a gayle storm plus RCB win
Gayle hitting 5 fours in an over during PP.

Kumble shocked Pikachu face.
Lol now Gayle is getting dropped for Malan for sure
Gayle is like So you guys wanted the Number 1 batsmen in T20.


Here he is.
RCB and sucking against lefties. Does any one know whats the logic behind not trying to bowl on the other side for left handers.
Kyle *Shivam Dube* Jamieson
So Murphy doing us a bad one again!
Now Maxwell is gonna get out the first ball
Wholesome Gayle doesn't want to steal Shaw's glory.
I want century from Gayle against RCB ❎❎❎

I want century from Maxwell against Punjab ✅✅✅
Jamieson didn't bowl a single short ball what's the point of his height
For RCB fans:

Dread it, Run from it, RCB bowling arrives all the same.
Expectation : Gayle picks & targets only lesser non international bowlers

Reality : Jamieson in shambles
Lmao Jamieson bowling pies
Kumble is a fking clown
And that's why you open with him ffs, he can use the powerplay so easily
That is the reason he is 18(21).
Unsubscribe
We are fucked
Sometimes you just have to doth your cap and say T20 is just a game for the old blokes
Gayle has more runs than KL while facing one third the balls KL has
interesting my assyou just want to be 2nd don't you
Guys Ive done the math

Gayle= Shaw -1
Ex RCBians smashing RCB ! Nothing new 😔
What
Imagine not opening with this man
You just love to see this
I have pledged my loyalty to gayle
Punjab and we are fucked aren’t we
Someone remind him he's 41
SO surprising to see Gyale scoring runs in PP. I mean he can be a good opener
"just imagine he opened." Oh KP that would involve common sense from management, how crazy are you to expect that
I don't understand why people are shitting on KL. Punjab have managed almost 50 in the powerplay with the loss of just one wicket. The innings has been set up nicely.
Gayle: I'm shaw
Who would have thought Gayle would play so well in powerplay, lad has good potential to score 300 in tests
Incoming Gayle 50(22) and rahul 50(42)
This over was straight trash. Okay no more Jamieson to Gayle.
Shaw>>Gayle
universe boss just showing these brats the pitch don't matter
Harshal wasn't dropped
Punjab management should know he is a classic powerplay player who can find gaps in field too.
Fuck I was just beginning to hope we'd win today
DejaVu
Whoa.. PBKS scoring 49 in powerplay, is that a dream?
You know why you can’t have green in india.
Gayle in this form is something else.
Fuck   \~ every rcb fan
Pls don't  jinx him i beg you
Lara's having an orgasm in the dugout.
Gayle has already outscored KL in 8 balls. KL's faced nearly 3 times as much just to get to 18*.
Kumble bats Gayle at no 3 and thinks he's a so cool for not letting Malan play
A good powerplay and all thanks to the Universe Boss. KL, pls do more!
Good thing the management sent him 1 down so he doesn't get to use the full pp
When Mayank is fit, Rahul needs to drop down. He plays too slow and Punjab is never able to take the advantage of powerplay because of fit.
Bruh Harshal is playing, stop giving heart attacks lol
KL idiot let Gayle open the innings and utilise the powerplay
....and that's how you play club bowler Jaimeson

Thank you Universe Boss<3
This just tells you how fucking good the pitch is. Kl pls keep playing the way you are
You would think this would make Gayle open from next game. But with PBKS management, you never know.
If Kyle Jamieson getting tonked, imagine what will happen to Riley Meredith
Lmao over pitched medium pace to 41 year Chris Gayle

He still got it, you doubters!
Kohli to Jamieson - Mate. you need to work on your bowling. Why don't we have a net session and oh btw, bring in those duke balls :)
18 (21) in the power play is completely unacceptable
How do you stop a 6’8” bowler?

with a 6’8” batsmen
Yo dat old spice ad be weird as fuck wtf
Yo dat old spice ad be weird as fuck wtf
Even though I am rcb fan,I love Chris Gayle smashing us
KL with a SR of 85 wow
For the first time as an rcb fan am not liking gaylestorm
Gayle single-handedly pushed PUBK to a decent ish PP score
Ok Gayle, hope I got satisfied now pls stop this PTSD on us
236/4 incoming
KL- how is that for a powerplay bois? bois?
Jamieson upgraded from 9 RPO to 20 RPO against DC and there's no looking back
That Old spice advertisement is so bad
Jamieson is traumatised
He's playing
Gayle taking Jamison to the cleaners
Man was used as a batsman more than a bowler. Kohli forgot ipl is not a test tournament
Nehra be like friendship ended with length ball, full toss is now my best friend
Only ball he misses out was a FULL TOSS
Pffft, Gayle's just a discount Shaw
Boundaries look small
Gaylestorm in
So he chooses this day :(
Gayle is going to score 176 just to make a point
18(7) and 18(21)
Gayle gonna hit Harshal for more than 3 sixes today
Bowl a yorker at the void between the legs & the bat.


*Still get smashed for a 6*


That's Gayle for you.
the team names are directly based on the brands that own them unfortunately 😬
Is it me or KL's form has deteriorated so much over the past year or so. He just seems depressed asf!
This is why Gayle has to face the 6 overs of the power play. 

My god even brain-dead clowns have higher IQ than this PBKS management.
Man would have had a half century by now
Why do non playing stuff grab ball before it hits boundary? I'll add this to small thing that irritate me
Kyle looked rattled
Jameson with his consistent one 20 runs over every match
Why need Jamieson when we could have bought 20 Dindas for that price
Why Detroits? It's a city in USA. So a IPL team named after two cities? Lol
I liked our 2016-17 jerseys.
How is Gayle against spin?
Weirdly, I'm having pleasant  2013 flashbacks
Bring in chahal, tempt him to go big and hope for an edge going towards the boundary
Shaw>Gayle
Come on, I would've liked 6 4's better, we'd have all the records to our name. First 37, now 24.
Where to watch the match for free online?
Lmao 5 length balls with pace from Jamieson. Already in WTC mode
He played with him for 7 years too
Only Sundar is dropped, who dropped Patel
EVERYONE START JINXING GAYLE!! GAYLE WILL GET A 100 today 💪💪
Just keep a long on and long on kohli or jamieson, 3 fours to long off and 2 to long on
Inb4 gayle 176(69)
🤣
Gayle bailed tf out of KL in that powerplay. Went from horrible af score to a good powerplay score
Chris Gayle :- Strike rate is underrated
Par score?
Gayle going to eat Chahal
Poker face - I am not scared of anything

Poker face - except that thing 

*KL RAHUL* 

Poker face - that thing scares me the most
I don't follow RCB as much but from the games I've seen, Jamieson seems to get smashed a lot. Has he had a good game this season in terms of bowling?
Chahal to gayle. Interesting matchup
just tuned in and looks like we’ve reached the stage of panic changes, noice
Purple Patel for Power Play?
Bc ye kl Gayle ko out karvayega
Which of you numpties said that Malan didn't even show up to the ground? He's sitting right there in the dugout
This looks like the old RCB time travelled to play the new RCB

Thanks to both the players and the jersey
OK,  what was that!?
Jamieson tried to bowl like Purple Patel
We're fucked today aren't we
Ssssh GayleStorm is here guys
cunted
We're gonna get hit aren't we
How tf that went for six?
Remember a few years back Gayle n Rahul fucking RCB??
Pepperidge farm remembers!
Oh dear
Gayle in this mood😬
every single fucking match Jamieson concedes one over for 20 runs and the other three go for less than 12 combined its ridiculous
👉😌👈
How is that a six😂😂
Gaylestorm 🔥
Flat six. Flattest so far.
Gayle storm day
Gaylestorm let's gooooo
aight imma head out
Gaylestorm loading...
Why do non playing stuff grab ball before it hits boundary? I'll add this to things that triigers my OCD
Why does koach never bowl Sundar in PP??? What's the problem? Is Sundar even playing?
I bet you RCB fans are enjoying this too
Can see Chahal TV getting murdered by Gayle
Rahul is really taking “sr is overrated to an extreme”. At some point he has to accept that winning games is his primary job.
He may or may not have been bowling to kohli with a dukes ball
Watching gaylestorm in red and gold is turning back the clock
gayle be fuming pn the inside
Drops the off spinner the one day we need him lmao
*Subscribe*
KL Rahul has zero backlift. It's like he decides that he'd defend that ball, no matter if he gets an absolute pie
Universe Boss 🙏🙏
👉😳👈
Fuck 100 he is about to score 200
Of all the days............ Of all the days........this day .
Why against us only? Now I hate Vettori more
Kohli face tells the story.. he has seen first hand what Gayle can do in this mood..
*Six, Gayle ra baccha*
Gayle is in mood today.
Let’s leave how many runs Gayle scores in this match, PBKS management is going to be heavily criticized on not opening with Gayle this season. Already more runs than Rahul in half of the balls that he faced.
Plus a left right combination always does more good than harm
D R O P  C H A H A L
So koach how the hell are you gonna get him out lol
That six is flatter than the earth
Gayle bitched slapped that ball
Gayle is in the mood
Shaw is Gayle's idol.
Soo this is what it felt like all these years?
Gayle is in a fucking mood today.
*ded*
Jesus Christ
When Warner played that slow innings, the reason was that he was struggling.

KL does it of choice.
This is 2008/2016 Gayle .
Strike Rate is overrated brruuhhh
Gayle playing a friendly practice match against old mates
[clown kl 21 balls v/s chad gayle 6 balls](http://imgur.com/gallery/T1NG1ui)
Akash chopra watch along is quite good
Bye Guys
Perfectly balanced
That 6 hardly left the ball
Yooooo not todayyy big mann not todayy
Flatbatted
Inflate deflate strategy guys
Just want Rahul to get out, pooran and Gayle against spinners here would be something
Inb4 wicket in this over.
Commentators: KLR's strike rate is under 100

me: Why am I not surprised?
Sub : Gayle is 41. Can't play swing. Should come at one down. Also KL Mayank best pair
Also sub when he plays in pp : iMaGiNe nOt OpEniNg wItH GaYlE
why are we bowling chahal to gayle and rahul?
The best thing is for Rahul to drop into middle order. If collapse happens, he can anchor the team and if the team gets a good start he can go get into the beast KL mode
KL Rahul when things are going bad: I gotta anchor so that we don't collapse

KL Rahul when things are going good: the other guy is hitting so I can just rotate strike.
HOW LOW WAS THAT
Sundar dropped for Shabaz lol
Stop it gayle
Friendly Fire - On*
Gayle is going to fuck us up today !
Should've dropped that catch Koach
Why is Gayle being careful and running 2s??? Wtf that's not part of the plan
wtf was that a 6 gayle's a monster
Gayle playing well in Red jersey, feels like 2012 again.
Gayle making a statement to the shitty management
Strike rate is overrated is the new ‘may the force be with you’
Gayle should open all the remaining matches pls...
Is there any name for the marketing strategy used in the new Ranbir Kapoor Netflix ad
That was a graceful sweep from gayle
Ofc of all the teams Gayle could have chosen to go berseck, he chooses RCB.
He's been very decent this season. He's had a couple of bad overs only.
Was he bowling only length balls? No bouncer, no change of pace?
Anything other a kiss wud have raced to the 4
This Gayle is more deadly since he plays good delivery for 1s and 2s
Wait, that was a 6?
Gayle you're not in RCB , PLEASE STOP
See KL? You did this to Gayle.
Stop ot Gayle!!!!!
I don’t care what your favorite team is. 

I don’t care what my favorite team is. 

When Gayle is playing, I just want him to do well. 

I love Gayle ❤️
Can we bring up the straight mid off/on fielder back on?
No he isn't
Gaylestorm gonna destroy rcb today
Bring it on Gayle

Lets open the league up
Love those flat powerful sixes
Gayle ran 2!!!!!!!
It surprised him a bit
Koach @ Gayle like: this chode decided to smash today......
Should've brought in Sundar instead, Gayle doesn't has good stat against offies.
Ah yes, Gayle showing up against RCB as usual.
Gayle had screwed all the hard work done by KL
Gayle keep hitting boss
Ooh
How many more times should chahal get hit before Koach realises that he can't bowl in the PP?
tbh given what rcb is used to in the previous seasons, he's actually surprisingly good😅
Gayle compensating for kl as well.
It just seems like Gayle only plays like this when he cares.
Fuck kumble for not opening with him
PBKS - why, why are you not opening with universe boss? WTF if your reasoning?
Lmaaoo
All these shots from Gayle make me laugh even more on Rahoool's innings.
Agreed
Sheer Power
*Chuckles* I'm in danger
GET IN PATELLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL
Smaccccc
Sundar would have been handy here against Gyale and Pooran
Gayle can play till he is 72.
Always a pleasure watching Gayle in full flow tbh
Hmm
Gayle storm boissss
Lmao
Ok that was fucking insane. That shot should not go for six.
RIP
come on daddy gayle!!!! fuck em up.
Yeah a leg slip to Gayle? Is that really a good fielding position
Sundar not playing
Universe boss for a reason
Can we have Mayank running in and celebrating with Siraj when Siraj will get a wicket?
Why tf is chahal bowling so full
Gayle increased the run rate from 5.7 to 8.7
Smile through pain
Keep a straight long on and a wide long off ( 3 fours to wide long off and 1 to long on and a six )
they dropped the wrong spinner
Another ex-RCB batsmen fucking us? Yeah nothing new
He smack!
Absolute madman!
Lmao fuck he's in the mood tonight
Lol we didn't buy back Gayle in 2016 thinking he is done.

5 years later Universe Boss™ still going strong
Missed u universe boss
man what happened to rahul
**Ahmedabad Warning Alert: GAYLE STORM! GAYLE STORM!** 

HIDE YOUR BOWLERS RCB!
Gayle running singles and playing laps? He has come out with Intent^TM
The damage Gayle can do when he comes in to bat early
Mom pls pick me up - I’m scared
Watching Gayle run is a bit hilarious
Gayle changed the whole momentum
it isn't tho
no matter if it's KL on National team or Sundar on RCB, Kohli's the kind of perfect dude who'll drop the non-performing inconsistent player regardless of his friendship with them. gotta love the dude
He launched that into the crowd. Love when chahal getting smacked
Always has been
Anything above 185 will be very challenging.
Booooo
This sub has always maintained that Gayle should open. He can’t run quick singles are twos in middle overs, but he can easily strike in powerplay. It’s a no brainer.
Washi would've been handy here
Gayle is batting on a different wicket compared to Kay-El
Except it isn't the powerplay?
why the leg slip wtf
Gayle single handedly raising KXIP Run rate from 5 to 9
Meanwhile  KL trying to anchor the innings to another subpar total
Why today of all days Gayle!:((
Supporting PBKS for KL's mental health and DC's increased chances.
Stand and fucking deliver!
Chasing 200+ should be good practice for RCB today
We are fuckin doomed!
Koach wants that timeout
Pp is over
foookk doubters!!!  
Universe Boss is back✊💦💦
He’s not bowling in the PP. it’s the 7th over
Oh yeah baby. Storm is on today
TV band karo behenchod
There's spring in his bat. Chitter.
The ball must have been punctured mid-air
Gayle hurting the ball and RCB's feelings.
Powerplay is over right
We are so fucked aren’t we
Each time Gayle hits a six, I feel like cursing Vettori for this
Gayle loves The Grade Cricketer, ya fools!
Maxi better show Punjab who's boss today.
Wouldn't Saini be a better option tho?
Fuck it game is gone

I'd love to see a Gayle and Rahul masterclass
This over wasn't PP
Time for 128* from Gayle
> Lol we didn't buy back Gayle in 2016 thinking he is done.

2018
Budha hoga taira baap
I hope we witness a Gayle storm. That too against his former team!
Watching Gayle bat is so entertaining!
Its not the PP.
Chris "The Daddy" Gayle
_No Gayle no party_
Good decision by me to watch this match, almost didn't because i thought we'd see a Klapse
Unpopular opinion :kl should not be first choice for opening in WC. Chahal also not be our pick for main spinner.
Gayle playing like a possessed demon today
Hands down most entertaining player in the league. Wish Gayle plays a season with csk too lol.
Kohli trying his level best not to cheer for Gayle
Singlehandedly took the RR to over 9. Respect.
Lmao Chahal has Kohli's nudes

Sundar died for this.
Ah! the stage is set for a perfect 45 ball 50 for KL * _ *
Gayle is carrying PK.
DAMN - PBKS has Malan and Gayle in the squad and they open with KL and Mayank.  Lol
of course its gayle who bullies rcb
Sad thing is this Gayle Innings will once again bid Rahuls poor innings.
C'mon 👉😐👈 do something
2018*
With Gayle you want someone who can bowl flat and accurate, why did they bench Sundar?
Man, they Shud let just Gayle open. Any opener wastes atleast 10-25 balls.
Fuck all shit in the world \~ when Universe Boss is batting get glued to your TV.
Why’d we drop Sundar’s off spin
RR just soared to 9.14. Gayle effect
Universe BOSS
Just got on. Who's playing today? Dotul or Hitul?
Ok today Boss is in mood he is gonna expose our bowling lol hope boss won't break his own highest run record. Hey listen Boss is bak
We talk about how AB's still doing it at 37, what about Gayle, fucking legend.
I thought Gayle was gonna open tonight so I made him the captain, he didn't open but I think I made the right decision.
Chahal with his ability to take the bowl away from the batsman. 😎


Gayle with his enormous power & ability to smash the ball literally anywhere on the ground. 🔥


*Koach thinking what he did wrong* 🤦‍♂️
And he still picks sundar as a pure batsman.. when Gayle usually has a small weakness against off spin..
Gayle woke up and chose violence
Someone wake Kumble the fuck up and show this
Warner was trying. He was upset all his strokes were going straight to the fielders. 

Rahul is just trying to secure his place in team India.
My man showing these kids how it’s done.
Dude, the reactions from Aaksh Chopra is so fucking good, might turn off commentary
Watching kl rahul 2018 white ball batting to cleanse my soul
I Hope Rahul just gives the strike to Gayle and doesn't play too many dot balls.
KL playing the role of seeing off the new ball in T20. If you cannot make use of PP step down and bat at 4 . Give others a chance and you can do your anchor role at 4 as well. Why is this so difficult to understand for the management.
Gayle competing with Shaw here.
I can’t even be mad when Gayle is pumping us.
I fully expect KL to cut lose at the end as well.  Punjab somehow always find it against RCB
OOTL but Is Pujara in CSK camp? I couldn't find him in any CSK tweets too
The only way we win is if we make Rahul take most of the strike
/r/cricket has a serious hate boner against domestic players. 

"Purple" Patel is a thousand times better than a hack like Kyle Jamieson. So you lot can fuck right off.
Powerplay is already over beru
I really thought he'd supply way more with his price tag but then again it's also his first IPL so I guess he needs more time
Naruto would be proud of this shadow clone jutsu
2018*
Don't worry we have Maxwell bois
Thankyou Gayle.

Everytime I see him play, I remember good old childhood days.
That's what I said....
Meteorologists, what is the chance of a Gaylestorm today?
Gayul
RIP RCB
We let this guy go and played DeKock and Finch 🤡
He always does
Good guy Indian hiensenberg
Gayle being gayle
Relief to RCB for 150 seconds.
If Rahul was Kal-El instead of Kay-El, he would have hit every ball for 6.
Gayle is just awesome.
I'm still an avid Malan in for pooran believer, but watching Gayle destroy rcb bowling is amazing
Malan might as well go back now lol Gayle won't be dropped anymore
Also watch Koach shit the bed after Punjab put on 220+
Gayle is r/eyebleach for all the tuk tuk batting we had to watch
Gayle, please have mercy 🙏
He's hitting though the line, ik he's the universe boss but this is a 170 wicket atleast
Who else but RCB (and probably Pune Warriors) knows it best!
I'm afraid this is kumbles last outing. Glad someone got out so that Gayle could come and do what he does
Wrong flair bro
Fuck timeout
Boos man bailing out Rahul in just two overs
Kl "anchor" Rahul must be feeling relieved.
Sure Chris Gayle has been batting beautifully but I can't believe the standard of bowling to him. 

Floaty half volleys. Hardly anything on a good length and worst of all a 6'8" fast bowler didn't bowl a single proper bouncer all over.
I like Chahal but I struggle to see why he still gets chance after chance and Kuldeep can’t get a game anywhere
bowl Purple Patel and get Gayle here please
Maybe KL wants to be a opener only.
Koach wouldn't have played in PP anyway
Yeah you're right. CSK is a good name if no one else uses Kings. Detroit sounds lame. Apologies.
Mandatory gayle 90+ incoming
lmao @ KP hyperventilating over how bad Doull's bowling was
One batsman at 86 SR other at 276 Balanced as all things should be
I would love if gayle smacks Scott like that
Looking likelier by the minute
I feel kohli is gonna call Mayday in april.
Seems like ko is the only one to get him to do that
what about chahal? i know he's a wicket-taking bowler but he's been playing poorly this season
He’s an asshole. No other reason can explain this. He selfishly wants to bat the most (meri batting meri batting) at the cost to the team.
With the form DDP, Maxwell & ABD are in, PBKS need at least 180 and probably 200+ to win this one.
I think everyone was too mentally scarred after 2016 to think straight
So do you guys think housing market bubble in Canada will crash in the next 5 years or something?
Since they're playing against RCB, KLPD gonna smash a 20 ball 54 after that 45 ball 50.
I’m not feeling so good all of a sudden
He doesn't have the required experience yet. Wait for few more seasons.. 😂
Bruh Punjab should have opened with Malan and Bought in Ishan porel instead of Meredith
Oh if he's staying not out , they need to sacrifice their souls to stop him at just 128
Kl involved in a partnership of 45 from 21 balls.. Take that kl haters😎
Lmao Swanny
aight gayle why you do this mate just why
Swanny is crazy wtf
Hello guys I'm new to cricket, where are insects?
Ngl the fan card looks so cool
What happened to Rahul :( , 2018 Rahul plsss come back
Why is Gayle copying Shivam Dube's footwork
Man Raul wasn't kidding about him thinking strike is overrated.

RIP pre-2019 KL
Gayle: RCB must suffer without me
with boss you can never know when that 175 can be breached
Swanney having a blast lmao
Kohli to his team - Gayle still thinks he is facing our bowlers in nets. Someone tell him that he is playing for PBKS.
It's a 200 wicket.
Gayle will eat purple patel, dont bowl him
Calm down buddy
Lord Harshal is here
48 ball 50 for Rahul incoming 👉😐👈
I don't think purple patel would do well against him
We all knew Chahal's downward trend but Jamieson's bowling hasn't really paid off for RCB.
Yeah I was agreeing with you
i mean what the hell do you do against this? Gayle will just edge it for 6 bc hes Chris Gayle and has so much power. Gayle on form is about the most destructive batsmen in the games history
It's always like this, before it was Mayank now Gayle
Swanny has gone nuts lol
Wrong day for Gayle storm
Koah telling team.. alright bois, we got to weather this *storm* till he gets tired
Swanny is the Finger Spinner Messiah
Idc what you say Kumar Sanu has a fucking amazing voice. Still got it.
Anything more than 180 and it's 2 points for PK

I don't see RCB chase 175+
Gayle would have been 3 times out by now if kohli had kept long on and long off.Anyways I am enjoying the show so nvm
im just here for swanny honestly
*thinks swanny is giving good insight*
2mins later
*swanny doing madman stuff*
Swann is enjoying this
Gayle has no Haters 🙌🙌🙏😘😘
Gayle is a TGC subscriber.

Ref: RCB got one of TGC interviews removed.
Because one Indian is worth two Chinamen


(NZ politics joke there btw)
We never wanted him in for Gayle, but for pooran
Gotta love Swanny lol
Y’all said he was past it. Love when Gayle turns up against RCB.
Wtf Swanny
Swann definitely had some today.
Lmao fr man
Gayle Gayle go away..pls come back another day
Take a guess
At least when Gayle plays dots, he more than makes up for them.
Swanny just came.
Because he got Martin Guptill to call him a gaandu (asshole) on camera.
Swanny lmao
Swanny is such a character.

That was a good analysis and that "return of the finger spinners" lmao
Cause Kuldeep is struggling even more
The DUBAI PTSD!
I know 2018 auctions but we stopped playing Gayle regularly in 2016 & 2017 and released him after 2017
The main man is here
Man those kotak fan card ads are an emissary from hell....
I'm an RCB fan, but I want to see Gayle storm.
but then, RCB will have no front line spinner, hence regardless the form, he's our only choice
But you are hurting your teams chances and this is a team game.
Looks like same old rcb vs pbk 2020 matches
Inb4 Rahul's 74(73) to grab that orange cap
We will be soon scraping to qualify at 4th position with run rate 

Fuck these moments where teams do fuck all all season and make RCB matches their cup finals
Purple Patel💜
Swann and his Shakespeare-level theatrics...
Kl

Gayle

Malan

Hooda

Pooran

Srk

Jhye/jordan

Bishnoi

Shami

Arshdeep

??
Just because emojis are allowed here \
😆😆🤣🤣😭😭
Purple Patel
I got a bad feeling about this
Malan's PBKS career over today?
Can someone tell These guys that we have forced caller tune of Amitabh Bachchan saying the same things
What happened to Chahal and Kuldeep?

They peaked at the same time and went drastically down together
RCB is like White Walkers from Game of Thrones... Looks scary but absolute meme material.
KL have some awareness and just get Gayle on strike...
You know shit has gone down when harsha patels in at 7 lol
Too true. Gayle climbed the mountain and is now dancing there - about to walk into the sunset.  Prabhsimran is still squinting upwards.
Oh ffs be fair! We all know its going to be 47 ball 51
Is pace against Gayle a good idea?
Why purple Patel when Gayle is on lmao
man is not even able to play harshal ffs
Can they stop with announcements? Like it's so fucking obvious what we need to do.
Just one question, why is Malan not playing? Is he injured or something? Isn't he the #1 T20I batsman?
Since when is he a lord? I thought he was a good cricketer.
Here he is
Swanny going berserk in dugout
Ranveer Singh is what cocaine would be as a person.
purpal patel is here.
Big PP incoming
harshal may ruin the party now
Playing Shahbaz instead of Sundar and bowling against Gayle 


Big brain time by koach
Kl intent
KL innings look trash now compared to Gayle's lol
Maybe too early to say but yeah
Ok KL u can have some fun too
Run rate just over 9 despite Gayle going bonkers
Gayle has played 423 t20 games. 423!
Shot and wide wtf purple Patel
What makes you say that he has batted multiple times in middle order for india
165 is worst case scenario where we can still win
Harshal wtf is that bounce
I still can't believe Harshal Patel has the purple cap
with every dot ball KL plays my anger level rises
Yeah smack that cunt, come on Rahul.
Chris gayle will smack rcb even if he is on wheel chair.
He hasn’t even been given a game though
No MSD to guide them.
Tbf he was playing bad in both seasons, deserved to be dropped. But they should've communicated that they were going to release him in the auctions instead of just cutting him off.
Wtf is that line
I don't know about you guys but I'm having a 200+ chase boner rn
I'm pretty sure harshal gonna be tonked very bad today :)
Wow that almost went for a six
Shot KL
Finch is also the #2.

Where is he playing?
KL boundary wtf
RCB fans hoping KL hogs the strike meanwhile RCB lite hoping for KL to be off strike
I like that flair from mods.
God!  And how hard they try to throw in some SICK MEME REFERENCES.
PBKS has to choose a new captain.
 KL's strike rate has gone down too much since 2019 and it's evident he's trying to play it too safe after taking over captaincy.

His 2018 season when he was not captain was pretty awesome
When KL starts hitting you know match g0n
KL must be disappointed he didn't find a fielder for a single
Just imagine what will abd do today
Gayle shamed Rahul into playing aggressive lol
Drop Pooran for Sarfaraz and play both Jhye Jordan
If anyone else watched that Dugout analysis by Graeme Swann, is it true that finger spinners are back? I mean, are the conditions supporting them?

I thought some of the rules of ODI didn't support finger spinners much after 2017 which is why Ashwin and even Jadeja was sidelined from the team.
RCB Legends trashing RCB
He was always coming in for pooran. You really don’t keep gayle out of your team if you have him in the team.
Meanwhile KL looking at Gayle

👉😳👈
Padikkal doesnt seem very convinced the we should really follow COVID guidelines.
Anyone else pissed with cheeka commentary? Fucking irritating
Nani!?
Last match sand storm.
This match gayle storm.
You have points we have not it's that simple.
I think Rahul gonna play more aggressive from now
Nah Kuldeep went down a while back
Sometimes players don't see beyond themselves, and believe what they are doing is the best for the team
If Gayle is doing this to us,Maxi will do this to them
Swann referencing Christian's words from TGC podcast lol
Have you seen people outside?
He doesn't play for RCB, so Chahal playing has no bearing on Kuldeep's position in the XI.
Gayle chose violence today
Hes the number 1 batsman but hes not as good as stats can make him out to be. Same with players like Babar KL etc in t20s
When kl starts smashing, you know it's not your day
ggs guys the game's done for tonight! rcb lite winning over rcb
Jeez, Gayle really want all the records, doesn't he? 

Dude is carrying RCsb on his back in his age.
KL Rahul was stressing out about the game last night, walking like a madman in the hotel corridor.

Gayle spots him and asks him whats up.

KL: "Really worried about the game boss. Maxi is gonna f*ck us, I'm sure of it. And the whole internet is going to meme me to oblivion".

Gayle:"I got you covered Cap. I'll f*ck up their bowling first. You just get your orange cap back"
Whenever it rains in banglore, Gayle storm hits the ground. And it's raining in Bangalore today.
The fuck is this commentator talking about? As if bowling teams have plans for only one batsman and it's spray and pray for the others.
At the moment, Sundar is a better bowler than chahal while being an "all-rounder". RCB really thinks Sundar is a batsman.
This is some EA Cricket 07 level bowling
Kp simping hard for Gayle
Jamieson- Mr. Kohli I don't feel so good
Alright KL - no offense but please take a single and give strike to the boss. We are here to watch him
I think for KL they have to cramp him for room. He is really strong when you bowl wide to him
No worries !
Malan gonna do a Joe Root and not put his name in the auction next year.
PBKS was made this way just to defeat RCB in those two matches every season.
Cuz no one is high af
Brian Lara sounds like a big RCB/Kohli fan. His insights are amazing. If RCB takes in Lara in their management with Hesson and Katich already there. It'd be good for them.
Shinda
Arey Rahul give strike to Gayle already
So what's the trick with harshal
Yeah mate, hit a 4 and play 3 dots to make up for it
KL can you please play good today 😊
wait havent thought  about that lmao
Rahul is seriously hurting his t20 squad chances with that strike rate
Warner VS CSK , Dube vs MI and now RAHUL
Come on swanney has to come on TGC now
For the scale there are 365 days in one year /s
Abinav mukundh only gives good commentary
Others are just trash
One 4, three dots.. perfectly balanced
Purple's ball is moving more than washi after pitching lol
He's 40+ . The ideal age for a CSK player. Might even be your opener next year. Ruturaj and Gayle.
The more I see Kl Rahul bat the more simp he appears
Decode plz
Gayle fires in 1 innings each season. Today is that day
Rahul helping us and his home state.
KL mandatory good knock against RCB coming!
Aged like milk
He was born to be T20's icon.
Rahul hits a four and plays 3 dots to keep things in check
Rahul has faced as many dots in this over as Gayle has in his innings
KL takes off the mask and reveals its Manish "dot ball Boundary dot ball" Pandey

RCB chases a huge total. 
Kohli gives them a great start. 
Middle order collapse. 
Great spell from Bishnoi. 
PBKS win. End of game.
Rahul has to be better than 23(25)
Remember when KKR released Gayle and he blasted a century in his first match for RCB against KKR in 2011. 

Universe Boss reserves his best for his former teams.
He is an ex lord
Looks like Ex-RCB team took the Ex word way seriously than expected.
4 runs in 4 balls is not much of an aggro
I hope
RJ Balaji's jokes are 100 times IMHO
Rahul in this partnership is playing like a tailender whose only job is to survive and let the batsman makes the runs. He's dismal to watch.
RCB should just bowl dots to kl and let him take his single at the end of every over. Only way to dodge the gayle storm
Ex-RCB motivation at an all time high. Kohli a factor I guess
People: “hit or get out”

120 all out

r/cricket: shocked pikachu face
Man.. Rahul is making it very difficult to defend him ..
Why is Rahul opening? He kills the power play.
Is this how KL is going to end?
true, zampa will be missed
How about 40 (42)
Stats say otherwise
5 balls 5 runs, even after that four
Everybody blaming Rahul for not rotating strike, nobody pointing out how slow Gayle is between the wickets
5 balls 5 runs, Rahul come on buddy.
Comments made by Scott Styris that would send /r/cricket into a meltdown if they were made by an Indian commentator

* Eoin Morgan is a better captain than Rohit Sharma

* Harsha Patel is a shit bowler who gets wickets
tuk tuk RAHUL will cost PB match
Below 100 SR with 20+ balls is not a t20 score in any kind of pitch.
80 sr rahul
**Blue throbbing balls**

Swann and his innuendos
Would he have a chance if there are 10 teams next year?
Rahul's SR and this stupid ass anchor role in a fucking T20 frustrates me. Has he learnt nothing from last night? The way Shaw schooled Gill?
If rahul ends this innings with 180+ SR, mai do mahina hilana chhod dunga
Even Preity Zinta has seen enough cricket to know this is a shit show from KL.
Especially when its Gayle. 

Max PTSD.
The commentators are starving that they have to praise a simple single from KL now
Kl tuk tuk balancing gayle storm.....
Good stuff from Gayle to keep the strike - intelligent batting
Honestly wearing your highest test score as your t20 jersey is a fucking boss move. Get yourself a batsman who can do both.
Team India in tests, planned attacl for top 6 then gift 100 runa to lower order
Fuck Coke head Ranveer and his shitty ads
This isn't even KL's final form.... he's about to surpass  pujara's defence now
I don't understand what KL is doing. I'm his biggest fan but he's striking at less than 100 when Gayle is at 300.
PBS needs some one like Kane to anchor the innings so he is free knowing that someone can take the team to respectable total if he gets out.
KL playing for RCB now..

Somebody remind him
No shit really... I mean in general he gets more chances in both the IPL and for India despite poor performances
+1
Does KL not want to play the T20 world cup
Good comeback by harshal. Expect nothing else from the purple cap holder
RemindMe! 3 hours
Any XYZ batsman goes berserk

Le us: "XYZ woke up today and chose violence"
At Rahul’s rate, Gayle will get cold at the non strikers end and then end up getting out
Just forgot the part where AB carries us to a win
If KL cares so much about preventing collapses then why doesn't he just bat at 7
Toh roz hilaoGAY
Is that Swanny again selling himself like a pimp
Gayle shouting at Rahul saying you absolute twat I need to open
I went from being elated Rahul came to Punjab to bring depressed watching him bat. Get this cunt out of my club.
Before IPL:  
CSK will finish at 8
This is as irritating as it was watching Dhawan play dots and take singles off the last balls yesterday.
What if you are chasing 45 off 20 overs?
rahul has played 56% of the balls, but only scored 34% of the team runs
Kohli must be good in bed. Always energetic af.
Rahul: 13-13

Gayle: 36-13

3 times the strike rate basically
Maybe. Even Joe Root will probably be picked if his name is in the auction.
Gayle maintains strike Noice. KL should just give Gayle the strike every over
Gayle firing the fuck out and then somehow getting rid of Maxwell early would be a euphoric moral victory for Punjab
But Dhawan was playing at 100 SR and it worked.
That's how you lose matches, Score run a ball five ball and give strike to Gayle on 6th ball.
Purple Patel got lucky KL faced 5 balls off the over or he was going for 72 runs.
Thats literally malan
2nd ball goes for 4 still over goes for 6 runs kl rahul for you
Exactly ! Even with dew I Dont think we can score more than 170
They have malan
T20 WC is overrated
Happy Cake day Mate!
:D
you kno thats impossible
Commentators need to stop with that *Universe Boss* shit. It is very childish.
Does kohli know washi is playing?
Kuldeep has been bad for 2 years now, Chahal was the 4th highest wicket taker the last IPL.
Lol even dk was a better captain than Morgan.
Yes and while Shaw was smashing, Dhawan was playing anchor. Now KL is doing the same for Gayle.
Hes not a captain material , I hope next auction they get someone capable
Deserves to be dropped from wt20 squad, nothing else will force him to improve his s/r.
Tujhe tere khandan ki kadam agar hilaya toh.
Perfectly balanced as all things should be 

Tuk Tuk from KL and Gayle storm on the other side
Manish pandey vs all
Except csk
Tbf Gayle has been doing well with quick singles today - only 3 dots faced with 2 of them being blocks of Chahal
Gayle please don't take si gles. kl will play 2 dot balls and then take a single
I think Kl Rahul would be much better if the burden of captiancy was lifted
KL Rahul is that one person in the group project who contributes next to nothing, except he also uses half the project grant to buy a fancy cap for himself
But he isn't
Chill boys Gayle is just setting a platform for Maxwell to drub back on Punjab. 

Gayle🤝Maxwell
Finch was unsold
I wonder if Shaw will be anchoring 7-8 years from now
Bowl a quicker near his legs Chahal :/
He isn't
Kl contributing negatively to the partnership
Chahal is a good attacking option against Gayle. It may either be a 20 run over or a 20 run over with his wicket
he was never a great t20 bowler
He’s not playing tho
Y'know, I wasn't even planning to follow this match and all, just opened cricbuzz by habit and opened up the scorecard. Looking and Gayle and Kayle's strike rates I almost instinctively opened r/Cricket and came straight to this thread
Fuck that Hitachi ad almost got me on the runout
all rahul has to do is to give strike. Boss will do the rest, he's set today
Can KL atleast rotate strike? Jeez
Malan is just there for the sunscreen ad
Washi isnt
Generous KL Rahul playing 3 dots after a boundary to compensate Patel for his bad delivery. Nicest guy in World Cricket
He isn't Lol
Do you know he isn't playing?
If KL fears collapse, he should come in middle order rather than wasting balls in PP
He knows he's not playing.
Looks like we're gonna see another 60(51), fall short of 30 runs and wonder what why wrong
Don’t know why but I gotta feeling KL will do berserk after 14th
That was a very popular opinion in this subreddit before the season started
They had a love marriage, so there's your answer.
Rahul: strike rotation is overrated.
Aight 5 out of 7 aint bad
Would love for the teams to put rcb and their cocky fans who came out of hibernation this year to put them in their place. That is dreaming for the cup.
Koach during toss - Shahbaz Ahmed comes in for Washington Sundar. Looking at their combination and what he offers **in all three departments**, we brought him in.

That's gotta burn for Washi. All went downhill after missing that test century.
That was still fine they were chasing a low total and Prithvi was just dealing in boundaries.
Must be bittersweet for some RCB fans watching Gayle play like this.

He was a huge part of that RCB-era and has given them a lot of memories at the Chinnaswamy.
Not today Boss not today. Please!
Wish KL was in place of Mayank
Did I see a shivam dube footwork there by kl?
Trying very hard to get into the test team to play the WTC final. 6D chess move.
Gayle is that chill guy who's only gonna fire once every 10 matches - but on the one day he fires he'll make sure you don't need the other 10 players either.
IMO he wasn't being backed enough and dropped after few bad games. The only reason we made a match out of the 2016 finals was due to him (We suddenly decided to bring him back)

Again in 2017, he wasn't backed & Travis Head was given a long run instead of him.
If Gayle is still there in the 11th over. KL needs to force himself to start playing some shots. Give Pooran, Hooda, SRK balls to face.
Don't think Rahul will make to first choice WT20 XI unless he gets back to old ways.

Kohli priming to open makes it even tougher
Attack chahal, they might cut his overs, would be great
I mean if Gayle himself rolls with it, it's fine surely
Imagine Gayle in the powerplay
True, I will say he's been good today, although he has been slow in the other games this season
Gayle 100(32)
KL playing for RCB,

While Gayle playing like he used to for RCB.
Exact same words for warner
And he’s averaging 67 this year...
If chahal can't take a minimum of 2 wickets tonight with an okayish economy, I can't see him playing for RCB again anytime soon.
RCB fans happy.
Top Stuff from Yuzi so far..please continue
Harshal Patel is the captain of Haryana cricket team.
That's why i picked this.lol
Welll it is his nickname lol
Gayle felt bad for Chahal so he defended that
Yeah definitely agree - these 2 arent the most complementary batting pair
At least play at a 100 strike rate ffs
Very questionable innings from KL.
Tell me who hurt u. Everyone in this thread today has been pretty chill
Warner is struggling with form
Phle 180+ to ho
Bruh Punjab should have opened with Malan and Bought in Ishan porel instead of Meredith
He averages 40 with a strike rate of 150 odd in the last 3 seasons. All of you have shitty memories.
Dot balls KL has made Gayle lose his rhythm.
So? It's one bad year, that's all. Just half a season actually. And RCB doesn't have any other leg spinner, while KKR does.
Siraj gets a wicket.

Siraj turns over.

***Agarwal standing behind him waiting for the celebration.***
Kl is auditioning for the WTC final
Did you just say that Babar and KL are not good in T20s?
Off kl😳
Did that 4 rewind for you guys too?
No way KL is making it to our T20 WC playing XI.
Fantastic placement by Kay El
that analysis of chahal not giving any flight and not bowling any fuller was really good. his shit form makes sense now. so why he's become like this? not pulling the effort to bowl fuller now?
Lmao what tf is that rewind?!
TENET PROMO
Did someone just use timestone???
*Gayle and Rahul smashing bowlers*: Kalm
 
*Gayle and Rahul smashing RCB bowlers*: Panikk
How dare the fans of a team who is doing well have a good time. Jail them!!
Yeah but RCB loses momentum easily, even last game was too close for comfort. This game puts us in a very comfortable situation for making playoffs (remembering last year where we lost 4 in a row towards the end)
With this shitty IPL, KL has lost his chance to play in XI during the world Cup. He is a good ODI player..
Why do I get a feeling that RCB and DC are gonna meet this final and mah boi smudge is gonna fuck RCB to oblivion
Is Preity in the stadium?
If Hayden or Sehwag had done that, it'd be pretty awesome too. I guess Hayden had a high score of 370 or 380 in Tests.
Da fuq star sports?
I can understand Gayle playing down so that Mayank can open but today Gayle is still playing down so that Prabhsimran Singh can open!? That's literally disrespect to Gayle! PBKS is showing too much respect towards Punjabis...
so what? so what if they tell that? when have you ever seen a cocky rcb fan? we don't go around making "vintage rcb" when an opponent team loses
Not as good as their stats may suggest
This Gayle storm comes in phases. Waiting for next round. I worry about Harshal.
Playing with <100 SR (in recent matches)

Warner 🤝 Dhawan 🤝 KL Rahul
Nice
Either that or chahal is bowling good and gayle is respecting that
Some Tenet shit went down rn
Don't forget this iis also Maxwell Vs Punjab
Wtf is happening with hotstar stream
KL heard you guys.
Chahal is such shit this season
Aged like milk
Did they just pull TENET there?
Lmao what was that
I am thinking logically and realistically. And my frend, judging by the question you asked. It seems you are unable to think properly.
SR of 100 bois
Fuck even Kl Rahul is hitting now
Chahal's final fortress with RCB also crumbling
There you go,inferno said it. No taking back.
Off kl intent
Now that's what we want from you KL
Harsha talking emotionally  like my friend after 5 shots down
Gayle Maar Raha Hai!
Why Rahul is playing in Azam mode.
That’s because he’s not Team India captain. He doesn’t get a say. But here in PBKS, it’s Gunda Raaj. He can do as he wants.
Wtf hotstar
Tenet Premiere League
Kl:fuck
Did that hotstar just rewind like a movie shot?
That was beautiful.
i thought it was just my screen
Fuck me
BWAHAHAHA
Chahal's  just ain't spinning much this year.
I remember KL doing 60 in 50 last time he played v RCB and almost lost a simple chase if not for Last ball six by Pooran.
Keep gng until you get out, kl
Gayle storm has given confidence to KL to go big..
Chahal just forgot how to bowl a googly didn't he?
Just hoping that we don't drop any catches
KL >100 SR 😍
RRRRRAAAUUUULLLLLLLL
Didn’t realize I was watching tenet
Nahh .. i think captaincy is taking its toll on Kl...
He is such a talented guy ....... I feel he ll do wonders for india...
Chahal has been so bad that even #11 KL has hit him for 4.
What was that rewind
Wtf was that shot? Swept for six? 😮
Where is that hilane wala guy?
Chahal is like a mandir ka ghanta
Moral Victory Alert: KL with 100 SR
KL showing intent©
Oh beauty
Even KL is cunting RCB. Lmao
Glitch in the matrix
It’s better because he’s always accused of not caring about test cricket.
They dont have a leg spinner
Chahal has dropped to the level of Shreyas Gopal this season
29(29) is awful. Cmon kL
Tell me again
KL heard r/Cricket talking shit about him.
God what the hell happened to chahal?
Finally!! Want KL to perform and RCBto win :))
Chahal is finished
LOL Chahal won't even make the India squad at this rate 😂
Get Shahbaz to bowl
I don't think he'll even bowl again today, 4 Pacers to bowl 4 overs give one to Maxi one to Shahbaz
Reality can be whatever Gayle wants!
He probably got scared of getting hit.
Ok what more does Chahal need to do to get dropped ?
chahar rahul is miles better than chahal
OMG Chahal do RCB have a backup ?
with pooran coming next they can go berserk after 10 overs
Now everyone will be all praise for kl.  I don't get these armchair experts at all
RCB helping out PBKS with 4 points again this year?
Star select too. I guess the while network.
First Kul now Cha...kulcha is in shambles currently :(
Guess who's getting a bbc tonight.
Lezgo
Fuckkk man. Out of all matches kl and Gayle decide to shine now? Fucks sake
Sometimes I genuinely feel that Gayle still has the power and the skill to cunt each and every ball that comes at him . But for some reason he doesn't. It feels like 175(66) was him holding back

But I know it's just me
200 is really possible here
13 runs in the over, good shots KL. Keep hitting, need 180+
He is trying hard for you.
Will you shut up man
Form is temporary, RCB is permanent
Why dont they make Gayle open? He and Mayank would be so much more destructive.

Does Gayle have problems with swing and new ball these days? Or maybe running between wickets? Can't think of why else they would keep him for 3
gayle gonna ton up today
And they dropped Sundar!
Ex-RCB players always shine against RCB. These two will decimate RCB tonight!
Man its sad to see Chahal like this
Didn’t know we had reverse mode in Hotstar
End of KulCha?
Drop Sundar and keep Chahal. Nice.
100 strike rate
Rahul don't be so reckless, we don't want to be losing wickets before tea./s
Was that intentional from Hotstar or was it a bug?
Nice
Dhawan was only going slow yesterday because the RRR was not kuch and Shaw was already over-compensating.
My comment didnt age well lol
Chahal is Kil.
Isnt it Unacademy - Lets crack it Six? Comms always say "cracking" six.
Please I beg r/cricket don’t roast KL back to form
They dont have a single back up for chahal
That Philips ad makes me wanna kill myself
Ex RCBians are on fire
Yeah about that
Even Jethalal bats more aggressively than Rahul
KL makes the Test side, starts playing T20. Makes the T20 side, starts playing test cricket 😂
Even KL is hitting Chahal for sixes. F for Kulcha
did we just meme both kl and boss into form? oh dear
This is what Rahul enjoys

He wants someone destructive like Gayle on the other side so he can play at his own pace with 0 pressure to make runs.
If Rahul is able to hit you without playing 40 balls, time to reevaluate your perf
Give  Shahbaz   a try.
Malan was bought just for that sunscreen ad
Oopsie
For a sec i thought we are literally living in a simulation the way that rewind happened.
Hope Virat scores 50+ today!!!
Pbks: *has 2 foreign lefties in their top order* 

Koach: aight lets drop our off spinner
Shahbaz better give 2-3 good overs or RCB is fucked.
What happened to KulCha? Watching them run through teams a few years ago was beautiful to watch. Please come back to form :(
Rcb getting absolutely smashed today
harshal not bowling slower balls is refreshing
Still think Kuldeep deserves a chance at the very least.
Wow punjab really turns up against us huh
Watching Chahal getting tonked is not a good sign before the WT20. Hope he gets back to form or we find a good replacement.
Gayle looks shakey in defence, i'd say he should chance your arm and go big eeeeverytime
it's not a bug, it's a feature
Chahal is on his way to a half-century
Chahal is an absolute liability now. Needs to be sacked.

And Harsha Bhogle will ask Chahal how marriage has affected Chahal like he asked Unadkat.
what
Everyone calls him Purple Patel now
What the fuck is this bowling lmao
Didn’t maxwell contract indicated he can’t bowl
Chahal should stop batting for a bit and focus more on bowling.
More of that from KL. Time to step it up a gear.
Finger spinners do well when the pitches are supportive of spinners. In the past few years, the wickets have been batsman's paradise, which means no spin for finger spinners which was why they were losing out to wrist spinners. 

The pitches in IPL this year, in particular Chennai and Ahmedabad are spinner's wickets.
RCB chasing 200+ with a Kohlapse. Just another day
Curious question : why chahal is still getting chances even though he is out of form?
Purple Patel getting cunted
Haha... Totally understand it!!!
The only probable reason Chahal is still playing is coz we don't have a backup.
strike rate is meaningless, Gayle just hits at everything
As a RCB fan I know it’s going to be a disappointing end. But okay if there’s one team I wouldn’t mind losing its PBKS. If RCB’s losing Gayle make the 1st innings worth the watch.
Irfan Pathan just called him Purple Patel lol
Bruh, everyone pops off against us only
Kl still striking at 110 after ten runs from two balls
KL really does need to start playing an aggressive brand of cricket with Kohli and Rohit opening for India. His only chance to be in the XI is at 3 or 4
Chahal really is way past his purple patch now i guess

I hope for a redemption in coming years
You just defined stat-padder
That feeling when everyone mentions KL's and Gayle's former team but no one mentions Maxwell playing against his former team.
it is very depressing to see the downfall of Chahal. He's not a spring chicken either. Chahar and Bishnoi are gonna replace him soon.
Why Chahal has become proper shit this season
Calm your pants, he's still on 35(30), that's nothing to write home about
Onus on koach to perform today, high time he makes with the bat which actually count
Gayle showing us touch and placement also. G(old)
F for OG RCB.
This is not the time for a GAYLESTORM !!!!
AbD having another bug chase on his back
ffs we never do well against punjab do we
👉😲👈
Man so pessimistic.
He has been a good player for a while only makes sense to back him
KL does not fit in with Rohit Dhawan and Kohli in team, his saving grace was wicketkeeping that is for sure Pant now
If India do not drop Chahal in T20s, then we deserve to lose
All of a sudden, 35 off 30 doesn't look that bad at all.
EmOtIOnaL Stability
True, I was just pointing out the similarly
There is a fear in Kohli's eyes
How did Gayle reach here I was like chatting for a while and woah 36(13)
Gayle will be getting a priety special tonight
Honestly I am ready for a 200+ chase if Maxi scores a century
That rewind proves that we live in a simulation and rge controller is an RCB fan
Everyone start praising KL and Gayle. Yall memeing them into form
kl rahul: if ( strike rate < 100 ) then ("hit a big shot) ; loop   infinity!
Purple Patel might just get Gayle
Why every out of form batsman choses RCB to get back to form
he was shit for long, even in international cricket
Can't believe Punjab will fuck us
Harshal Patel in this IPL is like Lord Shardul in IND vs ENG T20 and ODI  
Lord giveth, Lord Taketh
Rcb looking out for RCP
43*(20)

👉😨👈
Swanney got it spot on. Less flight and bowling shorter does not help
Chahal looks like he could be a huge khaini endorser
Very refreshing to see how Gayle has adapted his style. Plays every ball on merit.
I knew something was very off with the commentary. I didn't switch to dugout
Still does
Remove fan wall from existence
Chahal wife now will post dance video with another cricket star. She clearly knows her priorities
Punjab should Kedar Jadhav and have him open with Rahul seeing as they enjoy their tuk-tuk in the powerplay.
Hop Varun chakravarthy is fit for WT20
Oh yeah! Loved watching Ashwin and Axar rip through the England batting line-up.
Every year rcb somehow runs out of steam in the second half
Vo to chal hi raha
Mark my words, RCB will Kohllapse today
It's strange that on air commentators like Graeme Swann find out the potential problem with a struggling player like Chahal, but his coaches, analysts etc can't figure out or tell him tips
I don't know what kind of fans you met but I assure you that even the most toxic rcb fans are better than some of the open minded Csk and MI fans
is that alan wilkins on commentary?
whom will malan replace?
Thus is how we feel when RR starts cunting us towards the end of the tournament.
Chahal and kuldeep were a great duo  
Bring back ash and jaddu for WCT20 please
Exactly. Nobody was interested despite him being the #2

You see the top 10 list and realise that it really doesn't means much. But yeah, Malan should be given a chance.
We need a Shahbaz hattrick
Warner and Finch then the English players maybe destroyed his confidence
Pessimism is a required RCB fan personally trait.
Can we please get a Maxwell over just for fun.
Kohli already praying AB saves RCB again.
Punjab is our kryptonite
Because the other guy is playing on 43 off 20. 35 off 30 is still crap batting.
Kohlapse incoming cause now you jinxed it
Lord is giveth now I am waiting for lord to taketh
I always felt that way about Tewatia...
So Washi > Ash for Indian LOI team

And Shabaz > Washi for RCB?
Harshal's figures : 11 off 1.4

r/cricket : gEtTinG cUnTeD
A Gayle storm is looking. Of course he's afraid.
Because RCB released them all?
Chahal gone shit after his engagement.
nah! with that bowling attack need 190+. kl rahul will win it for RCB!
The end of Kulcha....
~~Sub flair checks out~~
KL:

👉🤡👈
Will we have dew today ??
No matter which team you support, there are some players you just want to see do well. Gayle is definitely one of those, and he has put on a show so far. Hoping to see ABD do the same.
Ashwin???
RR or KKR  can trade malan
Murli vijay?
Gayle doesn't run between the wickets.

He walks.
No more Chahal please
You are not Superman, dude.
Man I miss seeing Preity in the stadium
Rahul Chahar is the answer
I hope that Rahul has the courage to bat aggressively in this situation. There is batting to come and he is set.
Yup, no other leg spinner in RCB
This needs to be 220 or else I'm sure we losing
He’s been known for taking his time these days (tonight is just a bonus). Has almost no foot movement now and has been coming down the order for all the teams he plays, even Windies. Still bossing those innings, can’t complain.
Aight BCCI
He's gonna play Rahane's role in this year's world cup
Finally got laid.
Deepak hudda
hahaha
Good over from Harshal
No doubt
Cracked me up. Thanks man
Why does Gayle smack only us....Damn I hope even Maxie takes his revenge
did Swanny say Afridi-like Prithvi Shaw?

or was that I really like Prithvi Shaw?
Really annoying that our wicket taker is struggling
Against you guys even 120 we lose
And boom its started. Blaming spouses
Red Red Reddddd
Vivo fan wall aka "I'll be roasted alive if my friends see this" wall
lmao who tf are all the people picking kl in the dream 11.
Most likely the support team has already told the player but executing is the problem
You forgot morgan scoring against us last match after barely even scoring in other matches !
Only a scandal of Gayle with the White Mischief girls can stop this GAYLESTORM.


WHERE ARE YOU RCB ARCHIVES BOI !?
~~Punjab~~ Fake RCB
Lol me too, the funny thing is they're really good friends
Pant too

But what would I know, I am already a DC supporter!
He's been shit for some time now
Getting beaten by your own
Kohli gotta prove today why he is called chasemaster no shit
I don't care what others say, Koach shouldn't have dropped Washi, he was above par with the ball, economical and never went more than 8.5 in any of the matches. Catches were dropped off his bowling in the tournament, yes I agree that he wasn't successful as a batter, but still bowled better than chahal and did not deserve to be dropped. Koach himself said that he is doing Ashwin's job in t20is for India.
Marcus Aurelius said that we shouldn't take sides of any team in Sports & simply enjoy the process. I find very hard to do that. You eventually start liking a particular team. And when that team is RCB, you're forced to become a stoic.
Gayle never walks. He strolls.
Eoin Morgan at KKR
lol, til anchor === stat-padder
inb4 Harshal Bess gets a fifer
Lol me too, the funny thing is they're really good friends
No Harsha, I didn't pick Gayle in my XI.
Still a good over for rcb
Gayle ke samne saare plan fail,aur jab vo maarta hai ball sails over the boundary and right now we’re getting nailed smh T: All plans are a fail to Gayle and when he hits them it sails
I'm a simple man. I see Gayle hitting, I cheer him on. Team does not matter in the situation.
Gayle century?
Dude I just switched to dugout they be so high and chill lmao
Jeez so many pessimists , I don't understand why , you have one of the best if not the best chaser yet y'all already giving up
Graeme Swann and Scott Styris have ruined the dugout so much.

I miss Dean Jones.
Another tidy over by Harshal.
Why'd they pick Meredith over Jhye?
Same with Rashid lmao
I'm pretty sure Maxwell will hit against his former team
170 is par, so they need to pick up the pace
Send in chahal again for the memes
Bring Maxi to Gayle

We made a clever move to bring Shabaz for Washi
Yes
this made my day! enjoy your weekend :)
42 year old Gayle still carrying teams.
Chahal will interview himself in Chahal TV on how he has become so shitty in the last 6 months.
I really like prithvi shaw, but I like how you think
Dhanashree taking it over from Anushka?
Powerplay sr of 93 in the first 6, horrendous stuff

Commentators calling it "sensible", "responsible" batting sums it up really. None of these boomers actually understand the format
Ashwin not giving runs and not taking wickets is much better than chahal and kuldeep, theyre completely out  of form
You mean Rahul?
Another decent over from Harshal. It's hard to contain well-set Rahul and almost impossible to contain Gayle.
Punjab's bowling is shit right?
I have watched cricket my entire life, still can figure out if they are respecting harshal or are the balls really good.
Looks like script writers just recycled last years RCB-KXIP script
Why not replace Pooran with Malan?
If pooran comes to the party tonight I would absolutely love it. One of the best players to watch while in form
Inb4 he fails the yoyo test again.

Makes you wonder, how much importance should be given to the yoyo test? 

What if he's the best we have and he doesn't get selected?

On the other hand, he gets selected and gets runout on a crucial knockout match in the tournament?
Well atleast panjab sitting out malan means he won't be able to settle in this indian pitches, so it might help making him less lethal in the wt20
Looks like RCB will join DC today (5/7) and CSK will join both of them tomorrow 😎

K Don't kill me, bye xD
Looking like 225 is on the cards. Hold me I’m scared.
Sams is gonna go off pace 8/10 times, set up for it Gayle
Idk about Ash man, we need legspinner but chahal is not looking good
Shahbaz cant bowl?
Inb4 Koach 0(1), Maxey 0(0), Abd 0(1), Padikkal 0(4), Patidar 4(14) 🥰
Are they batting well or the pitch is a batting pitch?
Why do we care about her here ??
Lol exactly
Tbf if they even submitted their clip they deserve to be humiliated
I just want Punjab to fuck this season up so they can go back to KXIP again. This logo and jersey not impressive and people got paid for this
Chris Gayle is shorter than Brock Lesnar.
Sams is scared. I can see it on his face
Here comes Malan..


in advert
Predicting a repeat of RCBs batting performance against CSK
Gayle flexing "I could've been doing this for you"
punjab really hate us
Calm down. It’s a metaphor for weakness
Can't believe Harshal Patel is being watched carefully now. What a turnaround
Rahul's love for orange cap probably
Ashwin had the chance to get back in the Indian team cause of Chahal's form but now that he opted out, Chahar is definitely gonna come in
Gayle for century today!
It's a figure of speech dipshit
KL fans don't either
Not a wide wtf
That Pandya ad may not be representation of brick handling best practices.
I am sure of second! but the first one? umm, nope!
Don't criticise KL now.

You can be 36*(31) but you gotta convert it into 90*(55) at the very least. Otherwise, it is detrimental to the team's cause.
2 overs and still no wickets for Harshal. I think it's just over for him now. He has been exposed. RCB should drop him. /s
Since the world cup he's been a bit off. The last 6 months tho... Ouch.
Figuring out a problem and fixing a problem are two diffrent things. Chances are they know but it takes time to break a habit and form a new one. Other times commentators are completely wrong and are taking to fill the air cause that's their job.
According to the pattern kohli will throw off his wicket to harpreet brar
Thanks. You too.
Unsubscribe
Subscribe
Yeah PKs are really taking one for the team
Gayle's gonna eat Sams isn't he
Harsh call
They’re on course for 200 mate.
He sure hasn't for a long long time
I think most of the times RCB don't lose because they don't have skills. But it's always the momentum that hurts them . They are a little too reactionary.

 It's like if they get cunted in the last over by the opposition ,and still the score is low. They get very affected by it, by the momentum I guess. That's where CSK wins. They are unaffected by momentums. 

Ps - I am an RCB fan.
Does anyone else see Goran Ivanesevic when they look at Daniel Sams?
Was 2014 the last time Punjab qualified 😂😂
New RCB fan?
Washington 21(38)\*
Sams looks like the guy who gets bullied at high school /s
Giant vs Giant
chahal wasting all his energy in bed
Literally can't decide
You know Sams is shitting his pants right now
What's with all the negativity around RCB here. We just Gayle's wicket and we'll be back to day 5 of test batting
RCB bowling changes seems like “select a bowlers and inshallah”
Big brain move from PK management
No harsha, only you call him that
Nah he is to open or play one down
What did rcb see in daniel sams guy couldn't do shit last season with rcb
Sams gonna get cunted.
Yes but why go back to Ashwin when we have Rahul Chahar, Chakravarthy and Bishnoi who have been outperforming Ashwin in IPL. I also think we need a wrist spinner and two finger spinners in modern T20 is a recipe for disaster in India esp with dew
Everyone were talking anout Malan replacing Gayle, but Malan should’ve replaced Pooran.
Now Sams will see the real deal!
Why does mashed potato image comes to mind when I see Daniel sams face..
Don't get so much dew in Bangalore. But it's raining in parts of Bangalore.
Every team in RCB's weakness.
Dc*
Yes it is
Gayle you’re still an RCBian and are welcome back any time,please have some mercy on us
So this match is just ex-RCB players cunting RCB.
Unacademy has just reached new levels of annoyance with that Gavaskar ad. Please fire your marketing person.
sheyas gopal can bat though! atleast can take average catches!
Lol, I get that you're fan, but pls. Thoda objectivity
The problem is can we get out Gayle to start the test batting?
I think Koach is holding him back back because of Gayle. Otherwise he might bowl straight in his arc
Thats whats bugging me the most. They probably paid a creative agency for this and the best they could come up with was Red & Gold??
Chahal 11(34) *
Priety kaviya shilpa should grade every matches their teams play. Make it more fun.
Intent kl😳😳
Of course not ,
This is maxwell redemption arc
All these years playing with Gayle in RCB I am disappointed koach hasn't figured out how to get him out.
Wicket coming up
You want to give spin to Gayle?
Do we any decent options to fuck Chahal off from the NT in this form?
Hooda Pooran to bat next.. Need some magic to keep the target under 200
Kl and Gayle both playing aggressive means RCB is screwed
He played for DC last season and has done prettwell in bbl for last 2 seasons.
Yeah talk more about that
Gayle has lowered his gear. Sed
KL plays well only when his partner plays well
Pooran, Hooda, SRK to come. 220 is possible here
KL🥵🥵
Imagine a top six of DDP Rahul Gayle Kohli ABD and Maxwell. This is what RCB could have had.
Kl rahul : where are you haters now
Exactly I keep confusing it thinking the match has started just to see that fucking unacademy
why did he bowl that with long off in the circle
I don't see any one taking wicket wtf we are shit
If Rahul starts cunting us we know it's just a bad day
Yeah pretty much
Why are script writers using the same script for RCB v PBKS
Yes. Rahul should open with Gayle.
He wasn't satisfying himself before marriage?
He's the next™ Nathan Bracken
Not according to the points table.
Calm down KL 

This is not the last over
I'd actually back pooran and send him over hooda
Expecting meme game😏
Wow Daniel Sams. Cover to long off everyone inside the circle, he bowls exactly there
Projected 190 on a pitch where average is 147 lol
200+ score incoming.
KL redemption arc commences
Good to see Punjab backing all their batters
No shit, wacko.
Pooran to be out obstructing the field without facing a ball, you heard it here
Gayle batting looks like a large tree batting
Shane watson and stoinis too
bring in maxi for an over
Fuck yes
Bruh
FINALLY
FUCKKKK YESSSS BYE BYE GAYLE
Let's goooo thanks sams
Not possible. We could only play 6 then 

Budget issues
OUTT
Noo😭
Is intent airborne ?
The most pleasing thing as a cricket and Indian fan is he is changing gears. Fingers crossed this is not a one off otherwise i will go back to bashing him
Lol the dugout is as clueless as us. Even they don't where the ball is going
Finally😭
Finally!!!
Hell no
Scenes if Pooran unleashes
Dugout jinxed Gayle.
Fucking genie
Fuckin hell lads, let's goooo
r/agedlikemilk
Pooran please put on a show
comment didn't age well lol
I was wondering when are they gonna bowl short to gayle
RCB is reactionary, Just like r/cricket
Finally .
NOOOOO!!!!!
DAMNNN DANIEL
fucking finally
YAYYYY
i love you gayle but kindly fuck off
If chahal got out of form last year or something could not imagine number of 250+XD
Wouldn't Malan tremendously increase PBKS middle order strength, considering how consistent he is in T20s? Pooran is out of form. Malan can replace him. Why is he not getting picked?
I'll do you one better. Gayle Rahul Kohli Abd Maxi stoinis
😳
Is this Sams' first ever IPL wicket
Sadge
Universe boss did his Job
Really Tough Poll Question.

Who has created a bigger legacy at the IPL?

1. Chris Gayle 

2. Ab de Villiers
2nd bounce of the over right?
Oh short ball, who would have thought
Finally
DANIEL SAMS NDJDIBDJBODI JJ DBIJDDBOJ
Watch KL slow down again
And just like that the chances of getting 200+ drop by 90%.
Thanks
Yessss
Noooo
Yep. I feel like he’s waiting to explode. Dude hasn’t even faced 30 balls this whole season.
YAYYY
😭
Should have waited for a sec haha.
Now they'll just get to 171, wink wink
Gayle and KL for sure love TGC.
I feel bad cheering against a GayleStorm
Like in ODIs we have a 30-20 rule where you double the 30over score if you have wickets in hand.

Is there an quivalent 12-8 rule in T20s?
That's what. The name is stolen from Chennai. The logo is mirror image of chennai. Absolute dog shit name and logo and jersey
Calm down.It’s half a season.
Samson's dad got Gayle. Colour me shocked.
Yes
Unrelated, but remember when phones had removal back covers?
jamieson earns same per over what Sams will make for entire IPL 2021
We are so stupid didn't try many bouncers or short balls against Gayle only gave him slot length balls
Meme League - 01

Greatest T20 Batsman - 0
kind of DM's he was sending some of the instagram influencers , don't think so
There is still hope...
Gayle became too soft. That was a soft ball.
Lmao that didn't age well
Damn. Universe boss gone before doing lasting damage.
This aged like milk.
Ok I'll take a p00ran today not p100ran
Gayle is gonna eat Sams? lmao Sams is our best  bowler as of now
Sign me for for Sam's club just for that wicket!
RCB celebrating now but don't realise that Herculean Hooda is walking in.
[Don't need to thank me bois](https://www.reddit.com/r/Cricket/comments/n1t70x/match_thread_26th_match_punjab_kings_vs_royal/gwfjfyd?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share&context=3)
dANiEl sAmS iS sHiTtiNg hIS pAnTs
Hahahaha i am really good at this.  
Called 4 right other day
Yes, man needs to spend some time on the crease
If Punjab win today and MI tomorrow, tournament might get a bit interesting
How does one replace Chris Gayle ? Man what an asset even at 42

No surprise David can't get chances. But it would unfair if they don't get him in if Pooran isn't doing well
Rahul SR at 130

Shame on you RCB
Sam's Revenge
good change koach
This showed that gayle still got it
Now We Need A Right Arm Quick Bowler For The Next Over.
I've been humbled lol
tuktuk innings incoming
No
time to deflate boys
Hope Pooran has eaten some Chooran.
zJust get in pooran,it's the perfect time for him.....plzzz for once....
Idk what to say to PBKS management if Gayle doesn't come opening next match after this stellar innings
Looks like your tearful prayers found a  listener
Yes
He should have gone for the full fledged pull
If pooran doesn't score now.. sadly he has to be replaced with Malan.
Mine still has
Yes, actual spin like Ash keeps doing, not what chahal is doing
Hooda has to come in now. Punjab shouldn't risk it with pooran imo
Everything will be downhill from here
We can still pull off in the death
Amit mishra
Guts from Sams. Bending his back and getting Gayle out.
Yes I do
Things you probably don't want to see as an RCB fan: ABd taking Gayle's catch
Nice we killed 2 birds with that wicket

KL is not gonna show any intent now
Ironically both never won the trophy
Why are all CSK fans against RCB here?
Kumar Sanu cred song fire ngl
Even RCB fans would be disappointed with that wicket
Pooran pls go bonkers
It's a gamble cause whenever Pooran or Gayle perform they will change the match entirely in their favor, although Pooran needs to perform today
Pooran please deliver today!
We bought gayle to form 

We will now being Pooran to form 

RCB Vs PBKS is basically charity
Pooran better not find form today
Important innings from Gayle, hopefully he’s woken KL up
Aight Pooran time for 0(4)
atleast can bowl shahbaz now
Hahahahah yes yes yes
Same , stupid ad.
No definitive answer. 2 batting juggernauts who have never won the cup
I can feel it. It ain't our day. Pooran about to tonk a 30 ball 100
Daniel Sams: "if you are bad, I am your dad 😎"
No doubt. Its ABD. People are kohli level mad for him in India.
We're each on 10 points
You’re just making a game of it, don’t want it too easy :)
Gotta be Gayle IMO just because of that 175
Yeah
PBKS hitting near the boundary line sixes,


Koach : 😞


RCB fielders at every other place on the ground : 🙄
Yes
Yeah
Then why the comment about Superman?
Pooran gone cheap, then they struggle to get 160.. just what im thinking sadly
RCB might lose but right now there's nothing to indicate PBSK have a leg up. 100 runs at 10 overs is not unusual in T20, just look at the last two matches. People need to chill ffs.
Always have been
Let Poornan still be in his form today 🤞🏼
Table toppers battle
Good innings by gayle completely changed the momentum of the game
Does Shewag have problem with every player? Every day, i see a video title on Cricbuzz with him criticizing someone.
Poor Malan doesnt even get to travel with the team to the stadium, forget his chances for playing in the starting 11.
Harshal Patel had the option to emigrate to USA with his family in 2005  but he chose to stay back in India and continue with his cricket. He is a USA green card holder, dude is a domestic legend.
Rule no 1 while bowling to Gayle: **DONT BOWL FULL**
They heard me
Kl Rahul has hitten the most sixes this IPL 

No one expected
If Gayle & Rahul swap batting positions, Punjab could instantly benefit a lot.
They'll struggle to get to 175 now
Should have dropped that catch. Now Hooda will arrive and destroy RCB.
More like, why are all CSK and MI fans against RCB here?
Kaviya where... sorry wrong thread
Great question no one knows the answer too
Cmon Pooran boy.
Wow Pooran at 4
I’m not gonna be surprised if pooran scores a 50(18)
I mean he’s just on another level simply. No comparison really. Question was between these 2.
Same ball to pooran please
Rahul just wastes powerplay
to stay on top of the table
I thought Gayle will make 175 against his RCB.
Wiser words never been spoken.
Pooran, time to make your $$ worth too. Also kudos on donating, you're a good lad
So we'll have Pooran or Poor-run today?
I think they're competing for the top spot
:)
If Pooran doesn't cross 30, I see no reason for him to not be booted out
Parthiv Patel delivery lol
Lmao styris
Who is the actress in the whirlpool ad
Pooran has been unlucky but still he is overrated I think.
Because they go down to 2nd that's why
I don't want to see this Rahul, I want the 110 SR version of Rahul to turn up today
Yes.
But if you're a kkr fan, you score 80 till 16 overs with 5 wickets down, you pray russel doubles.
Ok
What's an easy chasing score here?
If Gayle is to open, he should do it with Mayank. Both of them can absolutely juice out the powerplay.

KL can anyway anchor from No. 3
And so it’s not relevant?
Scotty😂😂😂
I hope Pooran gets a big one today. Been long due for a player of his calibre.
Ya pooran will also hit today
Boom roasted PP
Kriti Sanon winking at me in the Whirlpool Ad is the most action I have had for this month.
He is an attention whore
Puran ton please
*hitten*
No one
He has opinions and he like to joke around a lot.
Ah shit wanted to see a nice 200+ chase today

But then again 200+ chases almost always end up with us collapsing
Alright Pooran is here. Let's hear the excuses.
"Short and aggressive" lol
Hope Pooran destroys RCB 2.0
Its Gayle hands down. I am not against AB but Gayle, especially at his age is one of the not destructive batsmen when he is in form
Lmao . Parthiv Patel delivery
Kriti Sanon
Why would anyone not support the underdog in a neutral game?
Kriti Sanon
Just look at the points table mate!

CSK and DC fans obviously wouldn't want RCB to do well.
Did Sam's got ignored lol
Shahbaz will be relieved.  1 wicket away to get a chance to bowl
Shit sorry PBKS fans, just switched over from the Essex stream and that's the first ball I watched :/ RCB fans, I'll pm you all my bank details so you can transfer me the money
Hope Pooran find his form. He can cunt them all over in no time. He is such a joy to watch in full flow
Lets goooo
kriti sanon
why is r/cricket shitting on jamieson so much wtf he had a bad over today but he honestly has done decent the entire season
So how many ball duck today?
Kriti Sannon
Thought gayle was going to score 100 off 40 balls. So happy he is out
Kriti Sanon
Gayle's career Average in IPL used to be around 50 and Strike rate 160, now it's down to 41@150
1.
Unpopular opinion: I want RCB to win and the gap between Top 4 and bottom 4 widening, just for the lolz
200+ is on with Pooran, Hooda and SRK
Kohli pushing away other players trying to hug ABD
I can smell a collapse
kriti sanon
I'll pick Gayle. Dude has been the brand ambassador of the T20 format as a whole since the very beginning
Make jokes on any other physical features. Get banned.
Based on how DC played yesterday I think we can chase around 190
I swear if pooran also regains his form T_T
I was banned for typing in Tamil/Kannada in CSK vs RCB match.

Yaakroo? Yelahankaa don kano naanu.. Odhegal beelthave!
Ayyeee !! KR puram area vaada! Senjiduvaen mavane!!

Translation : Sorry Mods, I wont repeat.
Pollard, he has won us 2 finals. And both his innings were similar, everyone failing left alone with tailenders hits bravo for 2 sixes on the last two balls to get Mumbai to 150. Abd and Gayle are much better batsmen, but Pollard's contribution has been supported by a sane management
Parthiv Patel delivery lmao
He's been underpar
KL doesn't trust their batsmen, so he  holds onto the wicket and does not go for big shots. If KL played for CSK, with the long batting line up, he would be a different beast with a bit more freedom.
Haha. When he gets going KL's a treat to watch
Yes
Sams has been a revelation. He coud be the next Faulkner.
Pooran man don't shine today. Is that too much to ask?
The who has a greater legacy for rcb between abd and Gayle is a tough one
Pooran looking for 0(5) to complete his collection
Chris Gayle takes some time to setup before going Berserk. It makes more sense to open the innings with him & let him take advantage of power play & open his hands.
RCB will score 170+/- 5 from here.
Rahul will slow down the innings now!!
I swear I don't hate Pooran but I want him to continue his duck run.
How else is he supposed to stay relevant? We should be grateful he did not turn into another Gambhir
Fuck off Kapil Dev advertising this shitty Whitehat.
You mean the top 3?
11 overs of 1st innings and already 3k comments

RCB is easily the most popular team on reddit
The entire team congratulated AB for taking Gayle's wicket...
That flair is annoying tbh
If RCB cant chase a 200+ score against the PBKS bowling attack they don't deserve to win this year
Jinxing pooran won't work. He will smash today
How about sending in Jordan in next, he too could send a few in the stands
41 @150 is very impressive for his age
Still feel bad for Gayle getting yorked on 99 by Archer last year. He really wanted that hundred and prove he's still got it
Hetmeyer did, Pooran can ?
ABD
Come on RCB restrict them under 180
Really admirable PBKS have backed Pooran, but also baffling considering the #1 T20I player in the world could easily slide in his place
Pooran is gonna come good today. The universe needs to finally revert to normal.
Exactly my point. Just needs the assurance and he's unstoppable.
Pooran 77(20) incoming
Klapse incoming
Wtf is this mi ad?
All for having KL at CSK lol
Or if Pbks had some sense and actually used their massive purse to make some good middle order buys in the auction
😀😀😀
You mean pbks?
Puran is still on 0 that's a positive for now
Is it gonna be Pooran or Norun
Gayle has got them off to a flyer, while KL has anchored. Now KL has to use this platform and go big. If he gets out now, he'll leave the team with 2 new batsmen and an under par innings on this pitch
Wtf he bowled on top of the stumps
Looks like you said more than just a sorry
Will harshal bowl his 3rd over now??
Chris Gayle for me...He single handedly murdered teams and redefined six hitting in the IPL.The game was 80% dead already if he got going.

While ABD might have been a better player,Prime Gayle was the face of t20's.
Maxi bowling today? Mindgames would be great
Let pooran get a single plz...
Flair checks out
KAYLE
Doesn't Hooda usually come at 4?
KL strike Vs spin.

Pre captaincy - 150
Post captaincy - 100

Jesus Christ.
karnataka vs tamil nadu cricket matches have been one sided slaughter

only in ipl its the other way around
Cunted
Delhi has lost 2 matches, Mumbai 3
Rahul now accelerating like Kohli, wow this is dangerous
Damn kl really hates rcb doesn't he
Kl 😳😳
Wait, Riley Meredith is back in today?   

Either that's easy RCB win or it's his time to shine and 49 all out.
intent
That shot is pure sex
Don't look at my flair but I agree wholeheartedly
*Nidhas flashbacks*
I still feel the yo-yo test should stay. It shows the younger players the importance of fitness
Same, but for an year
Yessss kl
Ya,That Bat Throw was the angriest I have seen him.
Netflix acquiring streaming rights for Cricket (especially WC) would kill hotstar. The only good things they have now are a decent collection of sitcoms and F1 with a handful of other sports
Gosh they really are trying to destroy Jamieson
wow that went for a six
Pooran better not find form today
hooda and shahrukh are better
Anything under 210 and RCB is chasing jt
god that sounded so good
r/cricket did meme KL to form.
Strike rate cucks can go suck on his dick.
Finally kl getting a move on
Really hoping for Pooran to find some form, the guy is an absolute beast to have shitty figures like that
Sunder would've been right now, Rcb did him dirty
kYlE jAiMeSoN iS a SuPeRsTaR
Klass  wants orange cap and unacademy cracking sixes
Klass Rahul
~~Gay L storm~~  
***KL storm***
C'mon Koach why Jamieson
Hope RCB pulls RCB today. Its been a while.
Only RCB bowling lineup can make

KL “40 Ball 50” Rahul into

KL “35 ball 50” Rahul 😎
Meanwhile Siraj retained in place of Chahal
Lol kinda like GG that one season
Cari cari.
Why though? Wouldn't you generally feel neutral about most of the IPL games, going by your flair?
Jamieson is brain-dead isn't he?
Lolll
GayleStorm is contagious folks! 

Rahul 49 (34)*
He carved that 6 like he was cutting cake.
That's because Malan is overrated especially in Indian conditions
In terms of Popularity, RCB is at the top. 

Most followers on Instagram & most subscribers on YouTube among the IPL teams.
This is what irks me most and I think everyone, the guy has the game for it so why does he curb it in the powerplay
KLR & Orange Cap tell a better love story
Does Jamison even bowl to how the field is set
Styris speaking to r/cricket lol. Rahuls S/R pre and post captaincy. Maybe he should give up the captaincy and move to an unofficial leadership role.
Why those cringe celebrations
Depressed KL vs Angry Jamieson
batsmen not doing so well prior to playing us always seem to have a knack of finding match-winning form against us...
T: have a nice day mods 


^(kr purams gunda over here)
Wtf why were the crowd doing that celebration lol.
Looking at this type of batting from KL I see him as a proper ODI batsman. Somehow he manages to shit in ODIs
KL has 25 50+ scores in frikkin 88 innings only
👉😔👈
The celebration from that punjab crowd is so cringe
Kl gonna fall in 2 overs
Just telling you, eve Manish Pandey scored 50(35) few days back
KL Rahul 132 mode activated
Rahul plays more aggressively once fielding restrictions are off. Wtf
Jamieson has finally graduated from RCB fast bowlers academy.
Cringe!!!!
👉😐👈
don't they have epl/UCL as well?
RCB has been really lucky this season, rarely you see two Indian bowlers yet to play a T20i bowl well at death. Harshal and Siraj at death are the reason why RCB has won this many games.
Cringe fans
the fuck was that from the stands lmao
Damn if only we had a trophy for coming 3rd on the points table :(
👉🧐👈
👉😃👈
Seems like a RCB have decided the best way to get wickets is to bowl half volleys...hmm
How big is this ground? Looks smaller than Chinnaswamy...
👏👏Rahul👏👏
Are the PBKS fans trolling KL with that celebration?
KL looks to have turned that slow start around.
CRINGE
The fingers in ear celebration from Punjab owners looks like mocking KL.
Lol cringe lord supporters with that celebration
Death, taxes and KL scoring 50+ against MI/RCB
Ash is more trustworthy in a WC than any youngsters. It'd be immense pressure on anyone like Varun or rahul. Moreover they've to pass the fitness test to be in the team :)
Hmm
Ahahhaha p00ran
What a cringe celebration.
KL hitting the timely six so his SR won't be held against him lol
0 again hahahahahaha
Rahul pulled an uno reverso here.

Thankful for RCB for putting him in form.
Omg lmaoooo pooran oops
Another duck!
Those fucking clowns doing 👉😌👈 at the camp
This is why !
What's a pbks?
Is this even a thing? The Netflix acquiring streaming rights?
Idk the support members doing KL celebration is kinda cringe
POORAN DUCK AGAIN!
Yess jamie
P 0 0 R A N
P00ran
Pooran.. the duck master..
What have you all done to my KL
ANOTHER DUCK LESGOOOOOO
Another duck for Pooran lol
LOL...
Duck pooran
4th duck
ZEROOOO LETS GOOOO
Pooran🤡
Classic Poor-Run duck
Norun
Lmao we memed pooran for a duck again
Pooran 0(3).. Nightmare season this
Pooran **WHAT THE FUCK** Kings of ducks
thats just cringe
👉🏻😊👈🏻
Duck pooran
You jinxxer
0(3) niceee
Spinners where?
Feels bad for Pooran
didn't know KL started finger-in-ear cult
Why do those PBKS fans in the stadium do the gesture that KL does when he scores 100?
That supports' celebration is so full of cringe, like they're a part of some cult
damn another zero, its just sad at this point :(
He is indeed !
Another duck for pooran.
Pooran will suicide today
4 ducks for pooran SMH
Ffs Pooran stop disappointing us
The prophecy is true. Oh my nichols pooran.
Lamao
Lol….... another 0
Oh no 

Anyways
This is just sad tbh
He shits in ODIs lol?
Another one
Why pooran why
Lol😂😂😂😂😂😂
Wtf another duck :|
Nicolas NO-RUN
What happened?
40 ball 50 is good considering you're going to accelerate from there.
What are you on about 

ODIs have been his best format in recent times
P0(2)Run
Pooran could have played 2 more balls for 0(5)
ANOTHER DUCK
Pooran's poor run continues
Needs to go berserk now. 50(35) is not had but not very good either.
Nicholas Afridi
I am starting to think Shaw's innings is having an impact on KL. WC place on offer
Another duck for my pooran.
duck duck go!
Siraj has already played T2Oi
Most cringe celebration
Nicolas p00ran
Punjab still not gonna use Malan. Nothing to see here.
Malan looking from Dugout- hmm interesting
Back to Trissur Pooran then
Ngl that feels sad
This stupid ass celebration ughhhhh!!!!  
👉😞👈
As a person who understands Tamil very well and Kannada a little, I agree the translation is 100% accurate. Mods, leave this guy alone.
That's gotta be the end of Pooran, surely, SURELY, Malan comes in next game?
Does the Kumar Sanu cred ad trouble anybody? He says "kori karle chori" instead of "koi karle chori". That is a mistake, right? Because even the subtitles below say koi and not kori. If it indeed is a mistake, how did they not pick it up?!
Did they just do that no noise thing??
Time to give Malan a chance
P000000run
dafuq Pooran.
Rahul's strike rate going like a ReLU or Softmax.
RETURN OF THE DUCK
LMAO
Why does pooran suck so much
Pooran needs a break sadly
Hehehehhehehehehebe
P’00’RAN 🙂
I've never seen anything cringier than the Punjab fans  doing 👉😔👈 after rahul's 50s
Another duck
Lol 0(3) now
Pooran can finally start a farm with all the ducks he has now.
Wow Pooran is garbage. Who could've guessed? Me. I guessed it.
Pooran with ANOTHER duck
Poor-run continues.....
Word on the street is Pooran's opening a duck farm
Fucking get malan instead of this duckmaster
0(0)

0(1)

0(2)

0(3)
Pooran: 👉🤡👈
LOLOLOL
It was u/AnyoneButSanjuManju

https://www.reddit.com/r/Cricket/comments/mznf9a/match_thread_22nd_match_delhi_capitals_vs_royal/gw26ls4?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share&context=3
Pooran is shit
Pooran 0(0) 0(1) 0(2) 0(3)
P00r P00ran 😶😶
Nicholas P00RUN
fingers to the ear by the owners ultra cringy
Think it's time for Dawid Malan now lol
Wtf has happnd to pooran ? Man was a beast few months back
The one time kl's lokin good lol
The 2 O's in Pooran actually 00
P0000Ran
Why pooran why
Drop Pooran get Malan
Bronze duck?
This guys gets wickets.
You called it. This guy called it.
Man Nicholas Pooran needs to be rested!
I mean this is truly ridiculous from PBKS to keep him out, unless he's injured or something. Pooran just proved my point!
my man just can’t catch a break this season
Then scored 11 runs in next 11 balls and got out
Duck master
3 ball duck it is, Malan at 4 is not a bad move either.
Strike Rate is temporary, Orange cap is permanent - KL prolly
Damn Jamieson got smashed today
Worth Duck Lewis
They have only prem
Oh man. Pooran is so good, I hate to see him go out like this :/
Nicholas "ducking duck" Pooran returns to normalcy
0(0)

0(1)

0(2)

Now

0(3)
Runless Pooran
Man I genuinely feel bad for puran
Pooran and Morgan in the same boat
Poor guy
Pooran and duck. Name a more interesting combo
Malan died for this
*wheezing*
I've said it already, I'll say it again. Bring in Malan for Pooran.
P00ran :(
P0000RAN
love you pooran
I see "Shot KL" Comments on here followed by 30min of silence.
Pooran on a Poor run
Pooran, the 2021 Maxwell for pbks
aw shit man :/
Oh please Punjab camp. So many people doing that celebration looks cringe af
Pooran and 0's...A love story better than twilight.
Pooran eat Poori now
Fuck all of u shitting on jamieson 

He has one bad over every match but legit always gets us wickets
Pooran has been a walking wicket for a guy of his talents.
Hope RCB loses to make the points table interesting
So now Pooran has a 1 ball duck, a 2 ball duck, a 0 ball duck and now a 3 ball duck
Pooran’s favourite search engine : DuckDuckGo
Pooran not gonna get retained next season some team gonna get him long term
At this point I genuinely feel sad for Pooran
Nicholas Pooran could start a poultry farm with all those ducks
I knew getting in pooran was bad decision instead of glenn
P00ran
I really feel for Pooran, poor guy
Chill, it’s literally a 35 ball 50 lmao.
What did they do?
Malan next match
Pooran should come in next😂😂😂. Poor guy is having a mare of a tournament. Should be benched
Nickolas noo-run
0(0),0(1),0(2),0(3)
👉😡👈
P 00 run
Lmao Swanny "He's got an Audi"
Ffs Jamieson why couldn’t you bowl a bouncer to gayle
pOOOOrun
Jamieson has finally graduated from RCB bowler's university with a degree in run leaking
Pooran can start selling boiled eggs in front of gym. /s
That was a jaffa. Reminding T20 sloggers what a tall test bowler can do.
Pooran's a clown but I won't say much because he's helping us in the fight against COVID-19
Afridi in shambles
Lol nice ton by Pooran
Is pooran trying for 0(0), 0(1), 0(2), 0(3)....? What is this even?
🦆🦆🦆
RCB will pull this back, I kinda feel it
Just imagine KL asking the PBKS crowd to do this once he hits fifty
Will people still defend Pooran?
Jamieson is just like Mitch Mcclenaghan. Smashed for 50 but guarantees 3 wickets
[Called it!](https://www.reddit.com/r/Cricket/comments/n1t70x/match_thread_26th_match_punjab_kings_vs_royal/gwfk6qx?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3)
This has to be record breaking ducks in an ipl season already
Punjab pls release him next year
I feel so bad for pooran
Height always does the trick for Jamieson
Where is that MaRk mY woRdS pOoRaN wILl dEmOLisH RcB guy
What did they do.?
Omfg the Punjab kings owners celebrating Kl celebration is most cringiest thing I've seen today
lmao, rightly predicted.
Didn’t amazon brought right for cricket in nz last year?
Ssly pooran
Must be a nightmare for him
I love Pooran, but surely you can't play a guy in such horrible form each match, can you?
Alright enough chances given to Pooran pbks should try Malan
Where KL-lapse?
Is there any reverse orange cap? Least runs a season
Mate mate mate
Pooran noooo 😭
Duckolas pooran back at it!
Pooran has had a wretched IPL.
👉😔👈
 Pooran has more ducks than Old Macdonald
Ouch
Dread it ,Run from it, duck still arrives
huh?
No!!! This is depressing. 

Don't get disheartened
Pooran's orange cap dream getting dented
24 off 27 to 50 off 35 lmao
P00ran
The 2 O's in Pooran stands for 00
I think it was gori and to be PC they changed the sub to koi
Kerala Duck Roast for Thrissur Pooran
0(0), 0(1), 0(2), 0(3).
Nicolas P000r0n Malan comes next game inplace of him?
Nicholas p0000
0(0) 0(1) 0(2) 0(3) Gotta feel for Pooran. Such a wonderful player
0 0 9 0 0 19 0
Yessss Another one, so proud of Pooran!
Pooran doing it for the memes! He is our true king ✊💦💦
so a 2 ball 1 ball 0 ball DNP and now a 3 ball. what else can he do?
RCB matches in the Ahmedabad leg, 2 against PBKS, KKR. Thought RCB would win all 3 three and qualify for playoffs.
KL going back to run a ball now
Same. Dude was a treat to watch earlier and been going through such a bad form now.
Lmao. You guys are not even our real competition. Why the fu*k i would diss you
Nicholas Afridi
Poor run . What an easy but apt pun
Pooran next year rcb?
Yeah this is why KL plays the way he does. I bet he's gonna resign captaincy honestly. There isnt a more depressed and frustrated captain in the IPL from the last 2 years
sad to see pooran like this. It'd be entertaining  to watch him
pooran in shambles...he is looking highly emotional while walking back.
Pooran alerting about the depletion of Ozone layer through this knock 0(3). Repsect
0(2)

0(1)

0(0)

and now 0(4)
Cause no run lol
P0000ran ka time p00ra ho gya!
How many ducks now?
Bruh... lmao
0 (1), 0 (2), 0 (3) - ouch
Damn you can tell he’s got no confidence, do Punjab give Pooran another chance?
Nic Poorun back home man
I'm sure it is, they're blasting ads on Star Sports. They wouldn't do that unless the deal was already set in stone
110 Rahul will return smh
Pooran lmao
so, malan in for pooran, gayle opening, and hopefully KXIP should be back on track.
punjab and it's maxwell's
Get malan in and pooran out. Malan wont suck this much, sorry to say.
🦆
All the same
Justice for Malan 😔
Surely Malan can't be worse than this?!
p00ran for a reason
Enough with this. Why are Script writers writing the same same script for every match? This is the 3rd 50(35) in 3 days. Please make it more interesting.
This wicket is on PBKS team selection. Pooran is out of form, should've played Malan instead!
Imo Pooran is a better T20 batsmen than Malan, but now he probably needs a break for a game or two so maybe Malan should get in.
I hereby officially resign from  "Back Pooran" lobbying group.

The guy is helpless at this point, he has forced the management to drop him now
Are punjab gonna do a rcb against rcb here
Not giving chance to David Malan is perhaps the dumbest decision of this year's IPL
P0000RAN
Poor-run continues. I mean the guy is good but its just not his time. It's time for malan now.
KL Rahul's finger in the ears, "shutting down the haters"
P000ran after this innings (and the previous three as well): "Oh duck"
Kumble
Fans went ~~brr~~ 👉😷👈
Nicholas "Afridi" P0000ran.
Pooooran
Pooran's fourth duck this season. 0 (0) , 0 (1), 0 (2), 0 (3)

He had like 3-4 ducks last season as well
flair checks out
Bring Malan I you cowards. At what point will kings bring in Malan for pooran. He's clearly out of form
Genuinely feel sorry for Pooran at this point..l
Pooran wtf are you doing
Pooooran
Pooran donating oxygen outside and ozone inside
Punjab collapse?
Shahbaz : ab toh bowling milegi
Pooran is really talented he just needs that 1 good innings to get going
Only epl
What's with the saltiness dude. Let them have fun
0(0)

0(1)

0(2)

0(3)


Gotta catch them all
True.. and I hope Varun passes the test this time
Missing the early 2000s duck walking away scorecard 😑
Pooran now has 0,1,2,3 ball ducks
He has gone Audi lmao dugout is mad
It's definitely a confidence issue with Pooran
Kl with such a soothing voice!
Pooran ohh pooran 😂😂 told ya, get over big names.
A fraction away, ladies and gentlemen.
Malan is gonna say fuck it and go back home before Punjab management decide to give him a chance
I think the time has come to drop my boy Pooran.
Has Malan sitting on the bench

Punjab - But I like this! (Points at Pooran)
0(0) as well
Just bring Malan in FFS. Pooran is horribly out of form
Haha quite true
Pooran looks so sad.
Even Pooran will plead Kumble to drop him now
Ipl all time legends XI:

Gayle

Warner

Watto

Baz

Dhoni (wk/c)

Abd

Raina

Albie 

Pollard

Mishraji

Malinga
4th Duck for him this season
Poor KL. Now gotta get back to anchor mode.
can we get malan now?
P00ran
0 (0) too
[welp ](https://www.reddit.com/r/Cricket/comments/n1t70x/match_thread_26th_match_punjab_kings_vs_royal/gwfk29y/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3) 

Guess I jinxed myself
how tf do you have 4 ducks in 6 games
Nich0las P000ran
No malan no party
Fuck me KL's gonna decelerate even more now. Isn't he?
Am sure Malan Will score 1run more than what pooran does
KL at a SR of 142? what isnt that  illegal
poor run
0(3) actually.
KL "strike rate is overrated" Rahul is what PK need and deserve
literally 0 praise for the bowling change, come on lads
Piss-pooran effort
those two have really impressed.
Pooran for another duck
Gotta collect them all!
People say pooran don't get enough ball to set, 9 overs are more than enough. He's just shit.
Where were you when Nickolas Pooran gave a tribute to Kusal Mendis - The OG Duckster ?
4
every time Jamieson bowls a proper good short ball he gets a wicket
0(3)*
[thank you script writers ](https://www.reddit.com/r/Cricket/comments/n1t70x/z/gwfk0tq)
How is Pooran still in the starting line up? He is so out of form right now
7 games 0 legitimate performances, he isn't even keeping. The least they can do is try Malan for one game
Hi mom
Star Sports Hindi otw to sign you
r/cricket about to always refer to the guy as Nicholas poor run
Especially when people in the stands do it. Cringe
Punjab should never drop Pooran just to see how long will the duck streak go.
Year 2025- Pooran has achieved 0(1), 0(2), 0(3)....0(100) ducks. Living legend.
💩🏃‍♀️
Poor run
Now I really feel sad for pooooran you can't have a shitter season than this hope he comes back in the later half of the season...
Fucks sake I just now realized how good this batting order is. How is kxip losing every match?
End of ipl journey for lord pooran 👏👏
pooran scoring same number of runs rcb have won the trophy
Pooran is saving his runs for T20 World Cup.
Need one more to match Gautam Gambhir
Do I hear number one T20 batsmen noises
Thats just poor technique at this point
Bronze Duck 0 (3)

Silver Duck 0 (2)

Gold Duck 0 (1)

Platinum Duck 0 (0)
4
I feel so bad for Pooran at this point.
Why ? Pooran why ?

They might not trade/loan Malan now.
Pooran after scoring:

0(0)

0(1)

0(2)

0(3)

Finally, I have them all!
Guys can we stop Pooran it on him. He’s having a rough time as it is
flair checks out
So this is platinum duck or sapphire duck?? Not into ducks that much!!
Okay mate. No need to get toxic. Good luck to your team
Pooran is still gonna go for a bunch of money even if Punjab release him tbh.
Time for PBK to give Malan a go
0(4) next?
It'll be a right time to bowl shahbaz
[was close](https://www.reddit.com/r/Cricket/comments/n1t70x/match_thread_26th_match_punjab_kings_vs_royal/gwfk9vg?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share&context=3)
Next season pooran’s gonna be in the form of his life. 





When he’s bought by RCB.
No Malan no party
Jamieson statpadding against Pooran
I feel really sad for Pooran. Talented batsmen but having a super unfortunate IPL
Vanthan, Pooran 

T: He came, he left
Pooran's zero form continues...
Cricket equivalent of performance pressure.
When did Hooda turn into Hudda? Did I miss something?
4
Damn. I feel bad for pooran
Jeeeezzzz how can such a talented player be playing so terribly
As much as the talent you can have 4 ducks in 7 innings you have to be dropped especially when there’s still a chance of playoffs
I hope pooran is doing well mentally :(
Lol mi fans and csk fans want rcb to lose to make point table interesting. No thanks.
Confirmed. Pooran to play for RCB next year and is going to perform well next season.
Remember that season when Gambhir scored like 3 ducks in the first three matches and then went on top of orange cap and won KKR that season. Oof
Pooran Chasing that most ducks record.
Pooran 🤝 Duck
lol
Hooda to prove he is the overall Punjab team?
0(3)
Weird that Jamieson didn't bowl any shoulder-height deliveries to Gayle, that's what got him his 2 wickets.

(Yes it's a length adjustment from bowling the same to shorter batsmen but that needs to be in his skill set)
so inconsistent 0(0), 0(1), 0(2), 0(3)
Waiting for a 10 ball 0 now
0 ball duck, not in the XI
Pooran surely goes after this. What else Malan has to do to get in?
Pooran looks so done with life. This reminds me of Maxwell's last year
Pooran looks shell shocked. If not for the team, get him out of the lineup for his own good.
I understand why KL is abstaining himself. No one else wants to stay at the crease only
Sad to see pooran get out. He plays extremely well in other leagues. As good as Gayle in his prime.

But why not in IPL?!
Cos no one knows what to do once ko gets out
No saltiness, man. Just felt that way. Love Punjab as a team.
Hetmyer would’ve smoked it for 6
Consistency.
I'd add Bhuvi there
0(0) as well
Poorans season over. He won’t be playing remaining matches. Prob won’t ever play for Punjab ever again
Pooran now has a 3,2,1,0 ball duck
He would be retained
Wait until Pooran ends up at MI in the mega auction and scores 450 runs at 160 SR next season
Will be game ten and Pooran will get at 0 (6) and we'll all be wondering will Malan get a game
Badly wanted Pooran to get going today 😥 especially after his Genorousity today!
Pooran lagaya chooran
Pooran and Maxi switched powers before ipl
now, rahul can't afford to get out.. can't blame him if he goes back to tuk tuk mode :(
PBKS starting to play like rcb liye now
Guy with the most runs and highest runs in 1 season not included?
Back to tuk tuk for KLPD
Pooran so sad.
No, please no
Any malayalis here? What does pooran means in Malayalam?
Bring in Malan and ask Rahul to revert back to his 2018 self. Gayle opens tho. Can't have Gayle and Malan at 3 and 4.
pooran's face is so smooth it feels like it's out of an ea cricket game
F for the lads who keep picking Pooran for their fantasy teams
Tempted to change the flair to something about Pooran, but my complete bias towards Malan being robbed of an opportunity needs to be made apparent
Rcb have not gotten kale's wicket since 2019 bruh 💀
enough chances for Pooran, Malan needs to come in
Prediction: Hooda scores 40+
Love Pooran but we are literally playing with 10 players with his form
Lmaoooo
Punjab has done good while playing with one less batter.
Atleast Maxwell contributed with bowl last year for punjab
This is why KL doesn't trust the middle order
Is everyone having problems with hotstar,or is it just me? Mine is pausing and loading every 10 seconds
Nicholas Pooran is a walking wicket. Bring Malan in for fucks sake and what's this stunt with dropping Mayank. Brain dead PBKS Management
It's going to be a missed opportunity if Jamieson doesn't use the Sieg Heil salute as his celebration
I really wanna watch KL go "Fuck off you cunts" and score a 40 ball 100 instead of trying to stabilize the innings every single time!
He got 4 Psyducks now
The worst thing PBKS can do now is release Pooran. But we all know they have it in them. *cough Maxwell
Baz and albie on all time eleven?
Now KL gonna anchor for next 4 overs...
Lol
Love to see it
Still doesn't help !
Briiiing my boi Shabaz now
Injuries🥱
Something to do with female pubic hair
That is Pooran's goal now
So Pooran is getting bought and transforming next year.
Shreyas Dream 11 ad is a pain
Malan to come in for the next game and get a first ball duck, it has been foretold
So has pooran scored 0 of 0, 1, 2 and 3 balls right? Or am I missing/wrong about a number of balls??

Can't wait for a 0(100)
Ah okay, that makes sense. He says kori though and not gori, right?
Form. Same with ishan right now.
How many ducks does Pooran need to get before he's replaced with Malan
Aakash Chopra is that you
Can pooran keep at least he'll be of some use to the team compared to kl's keeping
Why the hell is Nicholas Pooran in the playing 11 and Dawid Malan on the bench?!?!?!?!
Same. Dude looked so sad now.
Pooran should take advice from Gayle.
Come on we all expect more him. Have you seen his dismissals? He's too unreliable at times.
Many may shit on this , but KL playing slow is important when you have a very inconsistent middle order which fires very rarely , hooda is inconsistent ( good when he gets going ) , SRK has been good but one player can't take the burden of middle order . As long as he accelerates in the end it would be good
Rahulapse™, oh wait Rahul is still there..
Was albie that good?
He has no other choice lol
Mayank is injuried !
Good thing pooran didn't decide to donate any award money he wins
Robbie had the orange cap that year
You're way too optimistic, aren't you?
MALAN —> POORAN!!!
I am making a collection of creative excuses /r/cricket is making for Pooran being hot garbage so please carry on.
The number of ducks Pooran has this season, can easily start a farm!
Rcb need to put the brakes on them right now and try to dismiss or get Rahul off strike while getting the guy at the other end
Mayank is injured
Maxwell should have a chat with Pooran
Really feeling bad for pooran.
was that 2012?
Malan here anchoring with a set a
KL would have been so good


Pooran is a match winner but having a very hard time
Mayank is injured ffs
0 (0), 0(1), 0(2), 0(3)

The memes will be glorious!!!
I would say pretty consistent
You're allowed to drop Pooran, Punjab
Man it feels sad looking at players when they are on a bad run
What kind of ads? Sorry I'm watching on hotstar so don't know about this
Only way you guys could ever have a trophy
Little girl gaslighting her father into buying an expensive cement
0 0 9 DNB 0 19(100 strike rate) 0

Wow.
Koach: I will get Pooran for low amount and coach him to win rcb matches. Profit.
Who's world no. 1 T20 batsman?
Dank
Even though pooran hasn't performed in this season... It will stupid to simply release him during the next auction.
Skewed to csk🥰
INTENT KL today. Lets hope it continues.
Pooran looks like a typical Indian lmao
Where Shahbaz??
He didn't win the orange cap, Uthappa did
Ooof.. This is some horror run Pooran is going through.
He's technically very consistent
Am I the one who finds that JSW ad about his struggles stupid
That is amazing wordplay.lmao
Not a Malayali but pooran comes from poora, which means complete. It’s a Punjabi name too. Pooran Singh is a common name.
Guys yall dont realise what pooran is up to 

0(2) - trying to increase awareness of how oxygen concentration decreases with deforestation 

0(1) - how oxygen atoms split up before forming ozone 

0(3) - perfectly encapsulating the depletion of the ozone layer in our atmosphere 


GUYS HE'S SPREADING AWARENESS ABOUT GLOBAL WARMING CAN WE STOP THE HATE?
Budget RCB is following a very nostalgic template
someone needs to hug Pooran bruh 💀💀
I think this comment is cringier than that
If only I had cent for everytime Pooran goes on 0, I would still be poor but Pooran would be outta squad
Pooran is a world class talent but it maybe more important to him than the team for him to be left out at this point.
Hi mom
Why chahal? Why does koach love chahal so much?
Mayank is injured.
Looks like PBKS will have to settle for a score less than 200 because their middle order fucks up again.
Is Shahbaz on the team as a specialist no. 6 batsman?
Pooran in IPL 2021: 28 runs @ 4.666 (4 Ducks)

Malan TIME HAS COME :') #NO1
I hope KL goes to a team with proper middle order and good management  in the next auction
K^(ol)l^(apse)
0(0), 0(1), 0(2), 0(3)...
High IQ comment
Yeah that's true. But I really hope the next 7 is the exact opposite of the first seven resulting in all teams having 7 wins and 7 defeats
Sometimes a break does a player a world of good,maybe that’s what Pooran needs
2014 i guess
Pooran should have a chat with ABD
Pooran is this year's tourist visa in PB.
As an RCB fan, it hurts to see Pooran like this :(
MVP for other teams
I think Pooran needs a new franchise like Maxwell
Ranbir Kapoor saying no one cares about tv shows or movies during cricket season. Then panning to a wall of text saying "Dear fans, see you soon"
RCB to buy Pooran next season when he starts firing
That was a literal sweep lol
Nicholas Poor-form
Pooran this season:

0(2) ✅

0(1)✅

0(0)✅

DNB(did not bat)✅

0(3)✅

DNP(did not play) next?
Runrate gonna decrease for punjab
What is this talent they talk about? 

Pooran averages 19 in T20Is, 24 in T20s.
But he never accelerates

Even on flat decks
What ? In which country ?
And people still make fun of KL for being the anchor lmao? He's the only guy keeping this team together.
Ya ya. I meant like he was one of the top mid season
that would be hilarious
Punjab gonna release Pooran and he'll suddenly find his hands like Maxwell did next year lol.
0(0) - boobs
Nicky P 😓
When will they drop chahal
Pooran 28 runs in the tournament

Jordan 30 runs in the tournament (1 innings)
Wait WTH happened??What happend to gayle?
Pooran has a clear weakness and he just doesn't seem like he can adapt to it
If they won’t let Malan play the next match, he better leave PBKS and join RR where he might actually have a chance to play in the current RR situation .
Here too nah bro
Damn I put on to Kings Match to see Nicky P go hard 6. 
He's having a Maxwell level of season so far. Hopefully Kings drop him and RCB grab him
 Such a delightful player to watch
Now this is proper batting from Rahul

This is how he should always bat imo
Looks like someone showed Chahal Swann's analysis.
Punjab Pooran is new Punjab Maxwell
Hooda trying to sweep ants??
Seems like an RCB intra squad match
Y'all stop bullying Pooran and seriously get a life. He's having a bad tournament and this bullying does not help anyone
Add a DNB too
Sure.Whatever makes you happy.
That's because he's from Trinidad. A lot of Trinidadians are of Indian descent.
Pooran feels bad and then he looks at his 4.2 Crores and he’s happy again.
Atleast include Malan for next game now? You just can't justify someone keep getting out on 0 or single digits and still not include no.1 t20i batsman.
Pooran now has scored of 0(0), 0(1), 0(2), 0(3)
They gonna score 171 it seems..
Malans only appearance has been in that sunscreen ad
And people still make fun of KL for being the anchor lmao? He's the only guy keeping this team together.
 Pooran has a duck this season off 0, 1, 2 and 3 balls.
If Chahal doesn’t do well in IPL, who will be India’s 1st choice spinner for Wt20?
Watched him last year?
Mom, I will follow you everywhere
Get out and send my guy SRK, you cowards.
PBKS deserv to loose this one for dropping Arshdeep. What a bunch of fuckin idiot coaches
I guess they have enough accumulators already (read 'KL Rahul'). They need a power hitter.
100 for kl. You heard it here first.
No I think Kohli didnt wanna bowl him to Gayle or Pooran
Chahal has video of him eating butter chicken
4.2 Crore.
Malan to management: My time has come
Shahbaz where
He alongwith dussen might change their fortune.
It's not about releasing. Next is Mega Auction and I doubt they would want to retain him.
who would they bring in?
Chahar or Varun
Tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk tuk
Pooran needs rest
Maxi has to emulate or better what Gayle did
He showed clear improvement in his last games. Last T20I and the last ODI he played. 50's
Rahul Chahar is looking mighty good
The fan in pbks dressing room was slow af
Cause he was their best batsman last season and Malan wasn't?
KFC DUCK OF THE MATCH AWARD WINNER NICHOLAS POORAN
Why didn't Mayank Agrawal play today?
Rohit Sharma obviously /s
For those wondering why Pooran is getting such a long rope, last season he averaged 35 strike rate 170
There’s gonna be a match where pooran is just gonna explode and that match is gonna be fucking glorious.
Can anyone help me with Pooran's scores this year?
2020 Maxwell's soul got transferred to Pooran.
The only thing which can save Pooran is RCB buying him and then releasing him the next season, dude will suddenly become OP
Yep... We ain't crossing 150
I'm done with this team. Bring Shaun Marsh back at this point.
Tunak tunak tun
Lol was that the stupid pan masala ad playing in the Pubk dugout?
And chahal is unplayable now how the tables turn
With all the tattoos and shit kl looks intimidating but bats like tuktuk
Pooran is the kid from Taare Zameen Par !
Tuk
Jadeja (lock) and Chahar/Chakravarthy
171 is the new 19.4
Why go away from slip for KL? Keep attacking
Injured
In lisa sthalekar's term....the"X-factor".
Rohit sharma.
Chahal doesn't have a bad day or a good day. He has terrible overs and great overs
If you block out the first and last letter, Chahal's name is HAHA
It might be funny to see KL maintaining  a SR of 120 or whatever but if he blasts he's fucking dangerous. Need that 50(14) KL in WC
Who'll buy Pooran next year?
Bring Shahbaz now. ...
They won't
Chahal, duh
Most of the IPL games I've watched this season, the team batting first ends up squandering their strong star in the latter part of the innings. Hopefully not again.
Hotstar streaming is so inconsistent , so it wouldn't be such a bad thing
The fact is they can have malan who is a brilliant anchor which can help KL go berserk.

And if the argument is him being not tested on indian conditions,well you've given pooran too many chances as well.A couple chances to Malan won't hurt
Gayle is too good to not playing the Powerplay, he can easily clear the in-field

Open with Gayle

Malan at 3

KL at 4
Chahar jaddu.. varun chaka maybe ash.
They dropped Arshdeep? That's like taking cough medicine for a gun shot wound.
Same I wanna know too
KL scores a hundred every year. I’d like one today please.
Rahul is like and you guys blame me for hanging in there.


I have to because i have got srh's batting line up in my team as well.
He has an injury
Lmao
Injury
smart of Kohli to finish Chahals overs after wickets.

I really hope he does better in the second half of the tournament. he used to be our ace bowler.
Hopefully it doesn't come down to him, I want to see Kohli and Paddi having at least a 100 run partnership today
It's actually supposed to be pronounced that way (Hudda). But was pronounced wrongly all the time (Hooda)
Well they're both gone now yet he's still sticking with Chahal
You need 200 against RCB
India seriously dodged a bullet by sacking Kumble. Thanks Koach.
Injured
bruh XD
Oh damn, I never looked at it that way. She even had the smirk and all
RBI ads look like they were made for a highschool project
Come on KL slow down a bit 

You re too aggressive today
My fav player of recent years and he can't get himself to face more balls. Kings will lose patience at this rate and he could a be a good buy for us .
Sunil Narine keeps playing.
Kohli trusts Chahal way too much.
It paid off with Siraj, hope chahal finds his way as well
0,0,9,0,19,0
KXIP getting robbed by overseas middle order batsmen since 2015
After that innings in their first game I was hoping Hooda would have a breakthrough season. He's got a chance to do it again today.
PBKS is cursed. Last year it was Maxi and now it’s Pooran. Pooran should take a small break from playing for Punjab until he retires
That's because we had a lot of games in Chennai which became hard to bat after 10 overs
Harshal didn't bowl yet?
I wouldn't say never since he has done it once this season , it is just that if he gets dismissed for a small score and batting order gets collapsed , in next match he doesn't accelerate even at the end on flat deck , but this I feel ( may be biased ) is just a psychological barrier
Back to tuk tuk?
Looks like Rahul has gone into ultra-defensive shell, which is a huge mistake right now IMO.
RCB is dragging a 200 score back to 180.
28 runs in 6 innings with 4 ducks
That is if he even gets into the playing XI at the WC.
I reckon they will get 180 still.
Dugout boys taking the piss out of IPL team names..in a way no one can file lawsuits lol
Jadeja, Chahar (based on current form)
They probably are.
People are shitting on his dot balls. It's not like Rahul at 100sr by  playing 4 singles, he hits a four and plays 3 dots. This doesn't help the team in any way. He's just preventing other batters from playing the powerplay overs
I feel it's more of a rough patch than mismanagement, PBKS are backing him well and I think it should be appreciated
Punjab drops Pooran for 2022. 

He makes 10 crore bank. 

Goes around smashing and scoring responsibly.

Cue Rahul-pak-spectator-meme-face.jpg.
3 wickets in 1 over
With Mayank injured, It's perfect time for Malan to open! Pooran has to go.
Thats what they said to CSK.
Come on hooda, bully played well yesterday
Being a people's person is sometimes much needed as a head coach
Having malan can make KL play its natural game.
You can't blame KL for playing the anchor role given the situation he finds himself in most of the time
Ohh damn!! That's not subtle at all lol

But it's kind of weird because it'll be a huge pivot for Netflix as a platform; they've never bothered with live streaming
He's the blitz now.
I can’t believe I’m dating this but I’m glad that Kumble isn’t Ind coach anymore. Fuckin hell how can someone play Gayle at 3,not play Bishnoi for the longest and drop Arshdeep
With a similar budget too
Lord Shahbaz pls
pbkbs should open with Gayle and play Malan at 3
who are you and why are you so wise in the ways of science?
He's bowled 2
Virat Kohli masterclass is due today!! :)
Swanney wildin lmao
Nicky P surely has Kumble/Preity's nudes
Anything less than 200

RCB will win.
were they really just playing tunak tunak tun in the stadium lmao
Tunuk thunuk to tuk tuk
Regardless of 2 quick wickets, this is a very good platform, with a set Rahul and SRK to follow, Kings should aim to finish big.
Wtf amazon prime video putting ads on hotstar lol
I don’t know if people know this but the Tunak Tunak Tun singer and his cousin were arrested for human trafficking a while back
It's insane that KL hasn't hit a single shot at long on against spinners ever since he became captain.
Pant with koach screaming from behind the wicket " cum on pants"
RCB,they need that big hitter down the line
Rcb do not have any spinners other than chahal in the squad??
Whatever happened to Paul Valthaty?
HAHA CL
I think tatoos are ugly.
Brainless
Rahul reverting back to his default took took mode.
So KL in 2nd over to hold the end?
No malan no party😭😂
Don't.
90 in 10 overs. 15 in 3.2 since then.
At least Pooran donated some of that free money. Not like he's earning any of it.
So Dhawan scored 4 ducks in 2020 yet he almost won the orange cap! I know playing 3 more games helped him but still it's surprising.
r/cricket does not know the difference between fun banter and straight up bullying can't blame them people who can't face one ball from any of these bowlers somehow know how everything goes.
Bruh
I really feel Hooda will play good today
Rcb lol
Injuries
Swann's voice breaking in between his commentary and him switching to a macho tone has kind of become a tic now.
Since Maxwell's gone Pooran doing his role perfectly lol
Wait a sec we're not first place anymore? Fuck we gotta win now
What the fuck is a gazelle? No one knows what that is!
Lol
Yessss! Or that
Safari sunsets sunrisers. KP on crack lmao
Yeah, 350 runs isn’t anything exceptional. I have also watched him fail in BBL and other tournaments.
Also untimely wickets
come on, it's just bad luck, you saw the firecrackers he sent off last year
To do this would mean applying the use of common sense
I don't think they've ever touched sports in other countries so far. If they aquire for WC Netflix is gonna go boom
Dugout is going mad lmao 
 
Styris suggested new team should be called Ahmedabad Altrozes
i mean of course he'd be our no 4  
koach would be  having  him instead of anybody like SKY or Manish
This should be 50 50
Sometimes it seems India doesn't have any spinners other than chahal in the squad
Just 22% for Gayle. Recency bias?
That poll is such BS lmao, no way it should be so lopsided.
He's still playing? Really? Which team?
Feels sad for Sundar.

This IPL most probably ended his his chances for T20 world. Was a starter before the IPL started .
Pooran has a duck this season off 0, 1, 2 and 3 balls.
Man it's sad to see KL being chained down due to shitty pbks batting
Enough chances for Pooran. Malan definitely deserves a chance in the team.
Wait Shikhar Dhawan had four ducks in 2020? The only thing I remember of him is the two hundreds
Wtf just compared ABD and Rahul helmets . Even they too are the same
180 - 200?
Inception level writing by Scriptwriters. Since Gayle took a Revenge against his former team , so will Maxwell
I'd still say Gayle has a better legacy than ABD
RCB played their first few matches in Chennai and now they're playing in Ahmedabad. 

Does it mean they went to Mumbai just for the CSK match?
Les goooo
Good comeback
Wooo Yes boys
Hodda 🥲
Hmm²
masterclass in batting spin lol
Yes Shahbaz. Let's go
Hooda one-match wonder?
Shahbaz!
Gayle definitely has better legacy as IPL player.
i did not know this thats wild
PBKS Collapse
Mandeep in for Hooda
Looks like Punjab is done
Deppak luda gone
Bring srk in
Krunal Pandya requesting to get traded to RCB.

Reasons unknown
Shit pbks is in trouble now lol
SHABAZZZ MY DOGGIE
Why isn't he playing this game?
OwO
Lets gooooo
Like you get to decide if he deserves that money or not lol.
Awesome shahbaz
Pre 2021 Hooda is back
Pbks middle order is made of glass
“He didn’t miss it. He’s still batting. He’s on 55. He’s on 5.”

- KP 2021
I love this guy always performs
Has Hooda scored in any match after the first one where he went berserk?
Oh, RCB fans are fickle. 78% to ABD vs. 22% to Gayle.
Lmao Hooda the one match wonder
KP waffles way to much on comm
Did Shabazz just put Washi out of business for the next few games
Told you guys

Shabhaz is a genius
LOL at the flair. No Malan no party
KoLapse
Typical SRH-Hooda innings.
Shahabash maccha
PBKS designer: Paisa hee paisa
Well u/AnyoneButSanjuManju you rock
Has washi lost his spot in future games with that wicket?
Not the Rising Ahmedabad SuperModis?
22% for gayle? Wtf?
Punjab is a 3 man batting team and it shows.
Collapse
Can't blame KL today. Everyone else but Gayle has done fuck all.
Went unsold in 2014. Had the bad vision problem so had to left cricket. Now he has his own cricket academy ig.
For sure
They needed a batsman who can bowl on this pitch. Don't think a tuktuk bowler would be that impactful
And the Rajasthan match
This would make kl even slower now
and DDP's century
We played 2 at Wankhede
Abd fanboys, I tell you
happy Krunal Pandya noises
Patidar looked like kohli while catching.
Hoda hooda
CSK and Rajasthan Royals
F U
Nice bowling lads
Csk and rr
Hoo da??
No. They played 2 matches in mumbai. Vs RR and CSK
27 runs in last 4 overs with 3 wickets.. this might be the game changer.
Wait until someone criticises KL for playing slow lol
KXIP, KKR, SRH and RR in a competition to see who has the worst batting lineup, and they're all winning
10 wicket win was at Wankade
Is Gayle looking sad or that's his usual expression?
Wow. This is not a team, it's a meme template.
2 in mumbai against RR
So Hooda for only one match?
Can we just have t10s? 😓
If you combined Punjab and Sunrise teams maybe you'd find 6 capable batsmen. They should try it
If Shahbaz can fill Chahal's shoes then RCB can play Washi and Shahbaz which also improves RCB's batting
And the other batsmen are Agarwal who has been inconsistent , and Gayle who has also played a bit slow ( not today ) and is inconsistent
Even when Rahul doesn't get out early Punjab collapses lol
Sharukh Khan Time !!
now why would he attack a left arm spin bowler
How's that? There is no definitive answer imo. These are 2 batting juggernauts who've never won the cup
3 at Chennai 2 at Mumbai
Virat like he does in test, throwing the ball to any random bowler to get wickets.
Calling hooda a big wicket is massively overselling it lol
Not another 171 please
Krunal would be fist pumping
Again a shit shot on a shit ball
3 at Mumbai..2 at Chennai
He's having a horrid season
And Rajasthan game
Come on guys under 170 !!
Hooda has had one decent knock. Has been pretty much useless since then
Collosal collapse

Rcb🤝pbks
RR match too
Another one bites the dust.
F
Hmmm
This is gonna happen 100%
Resurgence of Maxwell and NickyP! 

RCB needs to start thinking beyond ABD. Someday, he’ll retire. Likely in 2-3 years. Someone needs to be groomed to be that person for us.
Hooda is saving everything for hooda Vs krunal showdown
Lol Punjab just not letting KL bat with freedom.
PBKS could use a Marcus Stoinis, he'd could easily open
Man Hooda has declined after that first match
Kohli doesn’t say Ben Stokes anymore, now it’s just “Yes Boys”
I don't think so. He'll make the team as an off spinner
Definitely.... Don't know what people are smoking
really don’t want to jinx rcb’s fielding today by praising no dropped catches today
Nah.
EXCUSE ME?!!!! WHAT IS HAPPENING
not a bad suggestion that
It’s not Wankhede Mr. Hooda
We should send Krunal to bully Hooda again
Feel bad for Gayle, doesn't look like he'll ever win IPL. Definitely not with PBKS.
RR is nailing it
And people want KL to strike like a beast when the middle order is so fragile
and people complain y rahul bats so slowly
PBKS putting their foot down here. From now on RCB will be known as PBKS lite and not the other way around
The Subtle Art of Throwing Away a Good Start

~ Punjab Kings
Hooda has played his one innings of the season.
Gayle got out for this
I don't think so , he might get chances later on . Shabhaz looks more of a tactical change,  but things can change if he plays well.
KL Rahul staying in the middle watching the entire batting line-up go back to the pavilion: *I can do this all season*
Hooda was a one time knocker i guess
dropped for shabahz
Absolutely. This whole being strict regiment that Kumble's got going on ain't gonna help if he doesn't empathize with the players.
If shabhaz can also provide with the bat, which I hope he doesn’t have to today, then possibly.
literally everyone votes lmao
It is kinda debatable considering AB has 25 motms while gayle has about 20? Not to mention gayle carried rcb for a few years and ever since then, ab has. So idk
Wut?
One is a opener and other is a finisher. Different roles different legacy.
Tbh when both were in the team and I had to lose one, I'd prefer to lose Gayle over losing de villiers
\#TeamPandya
I think we were too harsh on kl I think
People really blame KL for batting slow when his middle order collapses like this every game
Shahbaz got 3 wkts but guess who was batting at 4
Should be 50 50 b/w Gayle and ab
Post match thread: “Why does KL bat so slow” 

“Lmao Strike rate is overrated- KL”

Penchod enna fudu bndaye naal agla ki kre 

T: what he can he do with this batting lineup
Marcus Stoinis?
When kumar sanus ad is more pleasing than the match itself. Advertising done right
Punjab really needs more experienced batsmen (like KL and Gayle)
Panjab collapse is inevitable
Hi Shahrukh bhai are you still banned at Wankhede
This. This habit of losing wickets in clusters is the main problem of KXIP, my bad, PBKS
Should not even compare Abd and Gayle,Both have created legacies far great on thier own
Well Hooda really did himself a HUGE favor by performing in first match

I see what SRH fans see, except they didnt even get that
Yeah super unfair. 50-50 is better IMO
2*
ya’ll still gonna shit on KL? my man knows the team bro
Hooda back in form.
it is shocking to me that Gayle has never won an IPL trophy.. feel bad for him
Rahul the Wall
Kohli has barely trusted Sundar this IPL. Not even in the chepaul pitches.
Don't let your robot CEO in your ads.
So PBKS collapse even if KL is at the crease
Send the main Batsman Jordan already
New team's should be introduced soon, sooner they come sooner relegations come
Krunal Pandya sharing his paycheck with Shahbaz Ahmed
Kohli loves bowling out chahal
Morningstar gives better analysis than mutualfundssahihai
Lol no
r/agedlikemilk
FUCK THIS TEAM

FUCK KUMBLE (FUCK HIM) TWAT OF A COACH
KL really needs to target Chahal this over
I always thought Amazon would be the one bidding for the WC; seeing that they have started streaming few EPL games as well

A WC streaming right will double the subscribers for Netflix at the very minimum; hopefully they also reduce the subscription fees
2 matches
Yet people wonder why kl plays slow
Pooran playing Maxwell's role.
He moved to USA and plays some club cricket some times IIRC
This guy is some player, should be batting higher up the order. #SRK
I mean there is no replacement for AB, but if we get Nicky P, I'll take it.
Yesterday Krunal played a brilliant innings, today Hooda flopped lol
SRK to the rescue!!!
honestly happy that Shahrukh is finally getting an opportunity where he has a genuine batsman at the other end
Kohli - Captain/Coach

Rohit - Captain/Vadapav Consumer

Dhoni - Captain/Dream XI Ad Specialist

Pant - Temporary Captain
Sundar will find it hard to get back into the side (unless they drop Chahal)
Petition to let Gayle go to MI or CSK so he can win an IPL for once
SRK has been Punjab's most reliable batsman lol
Okay thanks.., he was a overnight superstar. Don't know why I suddenly remembered him.
?? Punjab have 4 openers in Rahul, Agrawal, Gayle, Malan. They need a good middle order batsman or finisher like moeen ali
Srk could body 3 people at once easily
As a DC fan, I want RCB to lose tonight so that we can maintain the second spot.
KL, the equation is simple. Either PBKS makes 200 or PBKS loses. For Paddy/Kohli,ABD&Maxi, 150-170 is a baby's job.
Thanks bruh..,
So 5-6 matches aren't enough to prompt a change? We need to suffer the entire tournament before we can shake things up?
Man I feel bad for Rahul in this PBKS team he can't do anything here
Well I mean gayle did go opening and after abd the batting would usually collapse
He went unsold in 2014, from then onwards he didn't play for any team.Now he plays for Air India,he got a job through Sports Quota.
I don't understand the hate KL gets from this forum. It's very clear he has been given a role by team mgmt of anchoring innings on one side and he does that more consistently than anybody else. if there is a problem in team's batting than its with others, not him. Credit where credit should be due.
Even when he has played Kohli hasnt bowled him much
Good comeback from Chahal here
Is SRK a natural lower order batsman? I always thought he should be playing at 4/5, Hooda is usually a finisher
PBKSMKBHD in trouble
Same thing with abd too
What a ball
Srk is not pleasing to watch at all
Lessssgooo
Collapse
Hold the door

Holdor 

Holda 

Hooda. Hooda.
Danda!
CHAHAL YOU BEAUTY
Holy s*** Chahal
Bruh jinxed srk
Corker from yuziiiiii
Vintage Chahal
Collapsed..
HUNTLY DEKA SIGN FAN POLL.  Which is the worst batting lineup?   SRH minus Warner/Bairstow/KW,  or Punjab minus KL/Gayle
HOLY SHIT CHAHAL
A wicket finally for my boi!
This is fun to watch a batting lineup collapse against RCB bowlers.
Beauty!!
I think AB is more destructive than Gayle. 149(44) > 175(66)
What a ball!!
What a ball Chahal
Samson- Captain/"Actually"
Nice jinx
Yeah scored magical hundred against peak CSK.
WHATTA BALL. COME ON CHAHAL. HOPE THIS BRINGS ON THE FORM
This is prototypical Chahals wicket
Nice recovery from DM Boi
>hopefully they also reduce the subscription fees

They will, Netflix has the highest user retention rate out of India's big three streaming services
We really jinxed back chahal in form i guess xD
Delivery of the game. Holy shit!
KL: that's why I play for orange cap
2 ducks
K O H L A P S E
Maxwell ------------------------> Pooran
Chahal is back
r/cricket comments before the wicket of Gayle: 220+

r/cricket comments now: Will they survive 20 overs without getting all out?
Lol
less goo
That was painful
FUCK YEAHH. GET IN CHAHAL
Kohli s captaincy has been top notch
There goes 200 hopes lmao
I reckon Punjab should try to open with KL and Gayle, followed by Malan and Mayank at 3/4. 

Might sort out the middle order problems.
what a ball
Punjab is the real meme team 👑👑
Why Pooran came again to bat right handed?
Yessss lets gooo yuzi
yuziiiii
He can try to maximize the 55 balls he inevitably gets to face every game.
It's like pkbs don't want an aggressive kl
Chahal you beauty
lol
Jordan, one more innings like last match?
That's the Chahal we know
My boi Chahal needed that
PBKS COLLAPSE.


NOT A DRILL, PBKS COLLAPSE
That's an old RCBesque collapse
True, but the Kohli- ABD bromance might be too strong for that
Kya tatti team he yar
If you remove all the pies and half trackers, Chahal is still a good bowler.
What happened there?
U don't even need to say that
Yeeaaahhhh
I love Kohli but him being at slip, is that a good idea?
No wonders kl bats tuk tuk
Shahrukh seems like one of those players that has no technique
Kumble will be proud
Yeah fuck off to everyone calling him finished
If this isn't enough to justify all the 'slow' knocks by Rahul I don't know what to say.
Fun fact:
Chayal has 3 wickets in 132 balls this season 

While shabraz has 4 wickets in 12 balls this season
>For Paddy/Kohli,ABD&Maxi, 150-170 is a baby's job.

Or so you'd think....
Did not read that wrong one. SRK flops.
It's probably my favourite reddit username :D
Koach trust pays off.
What you've said is actually a popular opinion

Lots of people agree with this
Punjab team should be relegated to PSL
Shah rukh Khan reviving Chahal’s career.
I second this
Swann makes all these pop culture references and the other commentators think he's a nerd.
Kek
Chahal TV is on.
Wtf punjab!!
Chahal boy what a ball!!
Chahal first two overs vs last two are literally the opposite
Mini RCB choke.
YUZIIII
Yea , i agree
Fuck sake everyone I criticise ends up doing well (well bowled Yuzi) 😂
Wohooo
So SRK can't read a googly just like Pollard
Initiating KLapse
KLlapse
Wow this team even giving wickets to chahal
Sorry chahal for calling you shit 15 mins back
Still don't get why people shit on KL when Punjab's batting lineup is this volatile. Literally everytime he goes early Punjab gets bowled out for a really low score
Here comes the best batsman
Fair
KL needs to leave this banter team
Man this middle order is so good. I wonder why KL doesn't play aggressively from the get go?
this is why rahul plays the way he does
Absolute gem of a delivery from Chahal
Never mind 200 they might not get to 150
kLohalspe
Kohli just terrified SRK into submission there.
Punjab playing like SRH today
Shit's bad when even SRK can't save Preity lol
KoLapse
If we somehow get prime Chahal back, then no one stopping us
Malan died for another poor-ran's duck
Chahal watched swanny's dugout instructions
Lmao, I thought our's and SRH's middle order was bad.
God we gonna take him back into the Indian squad because of that one wicket aren't we?
Creative excuses for Pooran today

* Shikar Dhawan scored 3 ducks before winning the orange cap.

* Pooran will score in the next match

* Pooran will score eventually
Engalnd vs India D/N Test Vibes
F in the chat boys...
Chhail might just get back into  the WT20 squad with this performance
You beauty Chahal
This is going as I said, struggle to get 160 zzz
I feel sad for KL. Even when he is at strike, going at a decent SR, wickets fall in clusters on the other end.. he should leave the team next year to protect his sanity
Punjab Kings ❌

Punjab Civilians ✅
Boom! Get in Chahal. You beauty.
Chahal is back, please keep bowling googlies
What a jaffa
Lmao the things that having half decent bowlers can do to you
So basically remove the middle order and fill it with openers? That axtually wud be the best thing for punjab
Damn chahal let out everything in that roar
Can't wait for people to still shit on K L for batting 'watchfully'
Dread it Run from it 40 Ball 50 runs arrives the same
Damn Chahal is absolutely PUMPED at a wicket of an uncapped No. 6. It's the little things, hopefully this restores some of his confidence
Chahal is back baby
This middle order is worse than every other team except SRH
Beauty. Where are the Kohli haters now for giving over to Chahal?
Yuzi you beauty!! Hope this gives him a bit of confidence
I agree
For what it's worth both teams have performed like RCB of the Past and Present
Chahal steps up at the right time. 

PBKS are done
It's because of ABs 31(8) Gayle couldn't make 200 that day
Malan > pooran..
Chahal you beauty ❤️
It sickens me chahal celebrating  wicket of a average newcomer while those whose wickets he ia supposed to get cunt him for fours and sixes.
In today's episode of KL carrying this shit line up
I love RCB but sorry, DC first
This, Punjab, is why KL Rahul play the way he does.
Man supporting Punjab is always such a pain
I was worried for a moment that we were going to take over for this season.
Anil kumble must be confused between supporting the leggie and supporting his team.
Where are the strike rate fucks now?? Small pp folks
That's some smart stuff from Chahal.
Makes sense, KL just needs to be in a better team, like RCB 😂
Wtf Punjab. I leave and you guys lose 4 wickets
Can't really criticise kale for being slow when everyone apart from the top three shit their balls out
KL has to play tuk tuk with this unreliable middle order.
Keeps on getting worse
Why are they telecasting RCB's internal practice match live any idea?
4th wicket from while I typed this 😂
He's under utilised, world class 20/20 player
Start to wonder if KL's mistrust on his batsmen ain't misplaced
If he doesn’t face that 55 balls, Punjab don’t cross 130
Was that the Flipper from Chahal? Through him before the bat came down. Well bowled.Big heart from Chahal to keep going after getting collared early.
Chahal is still not playing like a Indian National team spinner... however much Kohli hugs him
Are PBKS anything else more than a Priety Zinta retirement fund at this point? 


These lot are an embarrassment lol, just dissolve this team and be done with it
When is Dawid going to get a chance ?. They have the worlds number one T20 batsman sitting  on the bench and he can’t get in the team. Surely this team needs him right now. A player who will around and then explode when he is set.
Dawid Malan would've hit that for 12
Who tf is he PBKS such a poor lower order
KL just watching the other side crash and burn, today I feel for him
Heard of Lord Shivam dube?
So we were talking about 200?
Now you know why Rahul bats the way he does.
Pbks forgot they get free choking power with the old rcb jersey
I don't know what the obsession with wrist spin is for Koach, chahal hasn't come good so far, but chennai and delhi are winning just with finger spinners. Washi and shahbaz are good enough in my opinion. I respect chahal for what he's done for RCB and India, but so far in the IPL and 2021, he isn't satisfactory.
Can't believe people still shit on KL for playing conservatively. Gayle, Mayank, Hooda, Pooran have all been really inconsistent. They stuggle to get even 120+ if KL goes early
Can understand KL's relatively low SRs given how batsmen around him keep imploding
Feeling bad for SRK. He often saves PBKS from embarrassment.
Chahal finally finding his flow
>Temporary Captain

You have become the very thing you swore to destroy
KL just refuse the retention contract
Punjab Jesters should be the name of this team because they are the jokers in every match.
Just 6 in last 2 chahal overs
But Gayle made 100 in 30 balls in that 175* innings. While ABD made 100 in 31 balls.

Both are G's though.
I dunno, seeing such expressions from Kumble, it kinda helps me understand why Koach and others may not have been comfortable with him. If you're down and struggling, you don't want someone who's gonna judge you and scold you, but Kumble's face seems to do just that.
Is Jordan not playing today?
PKBS can change players, coaches, captains, jerseys, even their name but their performance remains consistent.
Is harpreet a batter
Rcb app
And this is why KL Rahul has altered his playing style
I've never heard of this guy before, can he bat well?
Wow. This is pathetic. KL needs to start farming strike now and take it over.
Swanny giving binger the credit like he was the captain of rcb lol
Hi mom
I'd posted a lot of comments on this thread and this is the one that gets most replies? Lmao people just love correcting other people..  no offence to anyone who replied though.. Just a thought from a fellow fan
Punjab has to bring Malan in for the next game right? Their batting lineup has been shit all tournament
*yes*
Is this Harpreet the annoying "Reporter Brar" PBKS show on their YT?
KL Rahul, left alone. Stranded. None of the other teams have any right to bash KL's innings. He knows what he's doing. And this team needs this type of innings. He can play all fast and natural when he gets back to the Indian sides. I feel sad for him, but know that he's top quality
171 please boisss
Or build a new one like a true Chad
Fuck this stupid team. Get my man KL outta there asap
Pla leave again
If chahal even does a little better than decent performance then jadeja as our other spinner would be enuf to not go funky with any other changes.
Congratulations to RCB on topping the table

Tomorrow MI will make sure RCB stays at top.... hopefully!
Must say Kohli has been really good this season as captain even though his main spinner has been offcolor 
 
Even today he brought back wicket taking options when he got a sniff in
Even when Gayle and KL were playing I had full confidence that this team will collapse, PBKS disappoints so often that you never expect them to do well.
I really want Chahal to come back to form. He was on fire in 2020 IPL and the Indian team needs that form for the WC.
What do B and S stand for in PBKS?

BULLSHIT, THAT'S WHAT!!
KL: Fuck this team. Just let me bat 120 balls.
Why you do this punjab ಥ‿ಥ. All teams conspiring to take no.1 spot away from CSK
Does Wasim Jaffer work for free? That’s the only way I have him in my dugout.
Battle for the RCB title
Woah what a beauty chahal.., googly
Feel bad for the guy who thought 200 was guaranteed with Pooran, Holds and SRK still to come.
Why don't they bring Malan instead of Pooran?
This innings: Charged like a lion, bleated like a goat
brar has come ahead of jordan cause he bats at 7 in domestic games
Punjab without doubt. At least SRH have capped Indian players like Pandey, Jadhav and Shankar and a Rashid at the bottom of the order.
56(42) that's shit
Very very good from Kohli to back Chahal despite being whacked
Punjab is more and more like KL and his bitches everyday
Should Shabaz get another over?
This team actually went from 99/1 to 118/5 😶
Can we kill Kumble & beat the crap out of these players!
Idk when will PBKS will play Kaviya Malan :(
You can say the bloke is desperate to get back in form, hope he comes back soon.
We can't expect KL to play with intent if he doesn't get support, he was playing well when Gayle was there
Malan in for pOOOOOrun next match?
I was shitting on KKR yesterday, but PBKS is something else. Mayank has been one of their only decent batsmen this season, he gets injured, so what do they do? They drop him, pick a 20 year old who's never done anything at this level and Riley Meredith, instead of bringing the no.1 t20 batsman in the world in.

Incredible, really.
The one time kl plays a bit fast his team decides to kohlapse , poor guy can't catch a break
Punjab fans to KL rahul

Overs 1 to 10 - “ just accelerate or get out “

Overs 10 to 20 - “ be careful , we need you till the end”
Anil kumble has been a shit coach tbh
I don't see Punjab winning the title anytime soon. Atleast RCB produce some hope every now and then.
99 for 1 Lmao..,
Mutualfundssahihai is just for basic investor education/awareness by AMFI.

Morningstar offers professional service.
Malan is not an opener and Mayank has played at 4 for a couple of seasons iirc. He’s good enough to bat anywhere, although he’s out of touch atm.
A wicket is still a wicket.Its not some tailender
KL tries to play with intent and gets out early.

Rest of the Team : KohLapse.

KL plays with intent and does not gets out early.

Rest of the Team : Still KohLapse.
But I still see ton of comments criticizing him for "wasting" pp by scoring at 100 SR
I'm sorry but I used to blame kl for his batting style. Can't blame it now. Such a good batting lineup and literally only when kl scores, this team has a chance
I thought punjab would get close to 200 lmao. Big mistake by the management to not start with gayle , and Malan should be bought in
it is surprising to me how anyone can blame KLR for a poor SR when no one has given him any kind of solid support throughout this tournament.. he anchors because there is no one else in good enough form to attack.. if he had the likes of de villiers and kohli and maxi like rcb then you could say he should play faster... or a jaddu or faf like csk.. he has gayle but clearly hasn't helped with PBKS's poor form this tournament... leave the guy alone ..
I may be downvoted but KL just doesn't have "the clutch" bone in him. I like him a lot. I want him to succeed. But his attitude just doesn't seem right to me.
Chahal finally bowled that awesome googly
No wonder KL looks so fucking depressed all the time
These PhonePe ads are lit ngl
Why doesn't Sarfaraz get a game these days? Cos he's a little bit chubs? Seems far more talented than these other Indian batsmen Punjab have picked
Ayoo wtf is that lenskart ad
Everytime Chahal celebrates all exalted like this..I pray for his shoulders not flying away to boundary.
Since when did domestic Indian players became terrible against spin
Yo the screen said Meredith
Didn’t know Meredith Palmer played cricket
Punjab Bull Kings Shit
hooda the old samson
I am sorry rahul for doubting your strike rate. Your middle order is too pathetic to be trusted
Or he could stay if they pay him 15 cr to retain him. 
Punjab have been the kings of chopping and wholesale changes every fucking auction almost.
ELI5, what's fi.money
Punjabis : Burraah

Punjab Kings players : Furrr-aah
I mean its fine when all other except gayle are shit
Sachin Kukreja needs to learn which stocks to choose
Fuck Punjab is so bad
👉😑👈 :- Tell me why shouldn't I bat the way I do now?
Malan is no.1 T20 player


oh wait...
whoever was asking why Chahal gets games, this is why .

He is one of the most consistent line and length wrist spinners and can vary pace and disguise wrongun .   When he hits his rhythm very hard to score from.
Lmao chahal faced 20 balls odd against csk. I don't thing the middle order combined are gonna face that much today for punjab
At this rate, they should now send Team owner as next batter.
Who is the find of this season? Can’t think of anyone.
But koach bad?
Understand that a left hand batter is better suited against SLA of Shabaz, but Jordan is a much better batsman and is likely to make more runs. Stupid decision not to send him in.
They went from 99-1 in 10.3 overs to this
Bc he has no support lmaooo
Thats why i didnt like the kl rahul 'strike rate is overrated' jokes
Need a Zomato CEO arm workout routine
So KL was batting selflessly at low SR for the team instead of selfishly to secure the WC spot all along?
PBKS went from a RR of over 9 to 7.9.
Feels like the previous break was for a different match altogether
IKR
201rcb vibes, rcb lite is truly following the footsteps.
Yeah but it was also at the Chinnaswamy against a team of meme bowlers in PWI, two great innings tho
THIS is what you are choosing to criticize? Want about the middle order?
Why the red jersey have to play like shit always
:)
RCB will play Punjab again at the same venue next week
Lol that Ajio ad. Clearly pitched outside leg.
Hope KL stand there till the end of the innings and blasts. It is the right time to get some wins now if they want to play playoffs
While we're at it I don't think SRH will win the tournament
Chill out guys. Harpreet made a double ton in his ODI debut










In my ashes cricket career mode.....credit to me i made him open ahead of KL, was the captain you see
KL should start attack from next game. They don't have the team to reach play off anyway. With the way Shaw, Dhawan etc are playing, his place in WC is gping to be in risk if its already not
Your middle order is anything but bad. It's your top order which shits the bed.
Where are all the people who love to shit on KL's strike rate? This is why he plays the way he does. If he gets out early, Punjab have absolutely nothing to defend. The man is single handedly carrying the team on his back for 2 years now and gets zero gratitude.
Wtf is this Phillips trimmers ad even
Tf was that ad from Shaadi.com lol
Looks like rahul will have to move himself to no.4
Sakaria
First non-RCB supporter supporting RCB today
Yeah lad it’s his again today
Happy cake day
KL really have a bad luck in anchoring. He plays long and slow on very good batting pitches. Meanwhile going cheaply on tough pitches then his whole team collapses.
Wait for NiyoX ad
At least they have a middle order on paper
Fuck Punjab middle order. KL was just getting into form and you guys do this shit
B*** mralo bc
WhY dOeS kL rAhUl BaT sO cOnSeRvAtIvElY?    
    
Last 5 overs: 29/4
Avesh?
😂😂😂
Still think he is selfish
Saddest was Pooran tho. Also a brilliant one from Jamieson
PBKS middle order is worse than a wet paper bag
PBKS middle order is worse than a wet paper bag
Nobody shits on KL from now on
Avesh Khan
Prabhsimran singh failed so it looks bad but he was amazing in the Indian domestic t20 tourney(syed mushtaq) I know it's not the same level but one can understand why they might back him
I'd like him to come in The Dugout lmao. His tweets are hilarious, he'd be fun there. But definitely not in any team's dugout lmao
Come on KL, give us a challenging score. Wanna see Maxi whack the ball around the ground.
I said it before the season, I'm saying this one. This team is Pretty Bad kucFing Shit!
90/1 in 10 overs to 119/5 in 15 overs.
KL plays slow because he doesn’t trust his teammates? Or Other batsmen get out trying to up the run rate as KL is batting slowly?
Even Kohli seemed fed up when we collapsed like this in 2017 and 19, I do not blame KL after 4 seasons with this middle order
We lost to this
Wdym I was totally planning to lift a kettlebell with my spectacles. Is that not common practice?
There's just something really off about this Punjab team man
Dear Panjab: Why are you the way that you are
KL had never seen such bullshit before

(oh he had, hella lot times)
PBKS have turned into Punjab BSDKs
They should have sent Chris Jordan imo
Like some the teams in ISL, punjab needs to shift bases next season. UP, Northeast or Kerala.
I don’t think koach will drop chahal for wc.
Change team name back to KXIP. This meme is getting out of hand.
That's fine, but surely you'd get Malan in?
KUMBLE OUT
Punjab should open with Malan and Gayle/Mayank and KL at 4.
You just jealous because you’re not dapper
Feeling sad for my boy KL
I think this is the correct miserable order

SRH < RR < KKR < PK
Kumble has a temper .Everyone who has played with him will tell you that
I'm sure everyone has noticed and yes it is cricket where the greatest form of the game consists of 22 men wearing plain white for 5 days but seriously, WHAT ARE THESE UNIFORMS. I turned on the game and it took me a solid 5 minutes to realise RCB weren't batting.
Does anyone feel like KL will probably loose his sanity by the next season!!!??
How have they not brought Malan in till now
That's what I was thinking
Trim the grass to make the yard look bigger. If you know you know.
What total do you think RCB will be able to chase without feeling pressure and not going into a RCBian collapse^(TM) ?
Can't believe Hooda smashed RR in the first game when he is so shit
Lol would you try and clutch in the 14th over with that shit middle order
KL is the opener, the middle order and the finisher for Punjab lol
Maybe Pooran does have Kumble's nudes. He has been struggling with PTSD ever since he looked at them.
*Anyone does Anything in cricket*

Sehwag- I don't agree with him.
Only he can answer this
Ooh dude that guy has such a punchable face
I think r/cricket should create an apology thread for criticising virat on the kumble issue

Looks like India dodged a bullet.
Says an SRH fan lol
PBKS 🤝 SRH

Shit Middle Order
Yup ofc
Its the rcb colours doing its magic
I am a girl...
Time for Rahul to come back home, let him go Punjab to RCB next year. End his sentence.
How do you go from 90-1 in 10 overs to 119/5 in 15 overs?
Surely we are better than KKR
ELI5, what's fi.money
Its not good for his mental health.He just looks so down most of the time.Poor guy
Where is Mandeep Singh?
Yeh the jokes definitely help soften Punjab’s blows
Lol
Meanwhile Ishan K on Hotstar chat is making fun of everyone on r/cricket :

“Making fun of them is easy. Can I just know what u all do…so that I can laugh a bit”
Come on Harpreet Bruh!
This sounds like that meme where the guy's clown makeup gets progressively more elaborate
Just make me wanna throw my trimmer outta the window
99 in 10.3 with 1 wicket down wasn't slow tho yet this happened
Why does KKR and PK batting line up looks good on paper but shit on ground
I'm done with Pooran now.

Join me in the next KKR match for creative excuses /r/cricket makes for Eoin Morgan
Is it just me or does Slats look really creepy in the UniteForCorona message?
At least Punjab collapse in an entertaining way....
RCB magic
There's nothing more I hate than the "KL deserves a better team" bullshit. Why? Should all good players be in one team only? What's the point of this competition then

If you care so much about it then how about the so called better teams let their players go these teams
Old RCB jersey
91 for 1 to 119 for 5.
When astrology fucks pbks
Damn, did the theme song always have a shredding guitar solo in it? How come I've never heard it before today
Harpreet brar before Jordan?
I see KL escaping KXIP next season for KKR or another team
Harpreet stats seem so underwhelming, did he have any amazing knocks or something.
Malan is not a like to like replacement for Pooran. Sure, on current form anyone could replace Pooran, but then PBKS would have slow starters in 1,3 and 4. Malan could have replaced Gayle if he had a miserable run
From 98-1 to 119-5 in 5 overs. Just RCB Lite things...
Give the message in local language too. Will have better impact.
I miss last year's IPL. This season is turning out to such a one sided affair between the top 4 and bottom 4
The Celtics lost to a Thunder team that was trying to lose. Meme teams have a way of showing up at times lol
How many boundaries/sixers were hit after Gayle departed?
If you pick a 11 from those who haven’t played a game this IPL, you can’t pick a worse middle order than my Sunny bhaijaans and these red singh saabs.
Just need a 37 run over. Helped CSK out a lot that day.
PBKS looked like getting 220 at one point
I like how Pooran is collecting diamond, gold, silver, bronze and whatever ducks
175-180
He needs to just stop
Rcb really pulled back some game in 11-15 overs
Anybody fucking dare criticise kl today

The only good batsmen in a lineup of clowns
meanwhile consistent batsmen like Malan and Mandeep sit out
Lol, just tuned in at 100-2.
Yes a wicket is a wicket. But it isn't worth celebrating like you are getting a crucial wicket in important match,  while it comes from a uncapped player. 

This shows how chahal has fallen below his standards. 

Kohli won't celebrate a one hundred lif he takes 150 balls to complete it in a loosing cause.
170 is what I think
Ye it's from less miserable to more miserable

All you guys need to do is just tell Dube to fuck off
Why does Meredith the run machine, bat so  low :(
Fucking hate this year's ipl. Too one sided and boring 😬
Can any other keeper could have caught that?
Throwback to before the tournament when everyone said PBKS had the best batting lineup in the tournament ☺☺
Bruh KL should just request to be released next year. He needs a better team/management.
MI lost to PBMS lmfao get rekt
Play malan for fuck sake.
Being an rcb supporter for 13 years i'll reserve my comments about winning until after the match is done. Any score above 120 makes me nervous

Helak aagala ee team heng aadtharo

T:- can't tell how this team will chase
SRH and PBKS competing over who has the worst middle order
If for every person understanding this, I get a penny, I would still be poor but atleast r/cricket would be wiser.
Gayle???
They shouldn't compare Ab and Gayle. They're both unique and play different roles for their team.
Tf was that shot
ABD - One of the best WKs we never had!
I’m tired, preity
KL plays slow. Others forced to take risk. Others get out. KL can’t accelerate, must anchor. SR overrated

KL takes risk. Gets out. Others try to score fast. Others get out. Fuck SR
Tbh his beard war better before he trimmed it lmao
You'll need a Jadeja for that
Ok kl you have the license to go slow, just play the 20 overs
Malan is no different than KL. Mandeep deserves a go tho
Pls let us have him
PBKS batting is Rahul Mayank and inshallah
I will
Punjab don't deserve Malan.
I don't blame him either. The captaincy is just too much.
Shahbaz is bowling very smartly
Give my boi purple patel a wicket please
Nobody said that lol
Parthiv would've caught that
CSK could be a destination?
Get it kl you know you want it
PBSDKS or RR for wooden spoon?  

I vote PBSDKS
Spotify would've been handy here
This is cheating, that man is not 37 without competitive cricket in 5 months. #ABD
I’ve been critical of KL but I’m feeling really really bad for him. Either he gets out early and the team collapses after him or he sticks around without taking risks while the team collapses around him. Either way they cannot put up a competitive total
Maybe pant if he dived
Wtf kings, your middle order is like Swiss cheese. Get Malan in you cowards
Pulitzer Prize for Poetry 2021 - Philips Trimmer ad
He's a good bloke. The burden of captaincy made him like this. This is why I don't prefer seeing him or Pant being a captain. It affects their natural game which makes them who they are.
Neat coming from SRH camp.
KL Rahul farming runs lolz
Pooran and Shahruk got out without even trying to hit. Hooda was at 5(9) and KL already had hit a six in that over.
It's bad too, tbh. There is absolutely no cohesion between the two. If the top order plays well, I can bet my ass our middle order will shit the bed.
Hooda fans. Where?
IPL dream 11

KKR opening 

SRH and PBKS middle order 

RR Lower middle order

KKR bowling
Shabhaz bowls well.
Sometimes Gayle!!! 



SOMETIMES
Brain Lara criticises Shaw ever time he fails to score but I do not see him being as harsh to Pooran.
The Orange Cap is the only thing Punjab will win this year. Unless DaOne will have anything to say about it.
I would love to have KL Rahul in RCB next IPL but I recon he's way too expensive.
Baayig barsodu is an art
If KL was to go to the auction table next year, what price would he fetch?

12-15Cr band?
KL should def reject pbks contract next year and go for auction. Guy deserves better.
For PBKS, it is their delusional owners who don’t give that creative space to their support staff and interfere in literally every thing. Especially Zinta. If you remember, Mike Hesson was with KXIP in 2018. But they didn’t perform well as they couldn’t get those creative space. RCB were also in a similar position when Vijay Mallya was our owner. But now since Anand Kripalu is our owner, Hesson and Katoch get those creative space and you all can see the results. PBKS cannot do anything in this matter and they will suffer the same fate till their owners continue to operate with them.
They should call it a day after getting 120 and blame the pitch for being slow in first half
Is Ahemdabad gonna same be as Chennai? Can only score in first 10 overs difficult to score in later 10 overs.
PBKS, KKR, SRH, RR trying to outdo each other for the tag of the worst team
People saying Malan isn't suitable on this pitches based on 5 games ( in which he averaged 37 and was the third highest run scorer that series), he would definitely do better than 28 in 6 games
I thought I'm gonna see a good match up until 10th over.
Dread it run from it Orange cal still arrives
- KL Rahul
Bring in jordan the power hitter
Check the auction thread 

Mayank kl gayle pooran shahrukh + malan...
Easily
Yes
Last year was the same till around 35-40 games.
Team is horribly unbalanced.
Punjab shat the bed. Wicket is fine
Who tf thought that indigo paints song was ready to be shown in an advertisement
KL should say fck it and just hit.. match is gone otherwise..
With abds form and inclusion of maxi has given the confidence to chase anything at 160, above that is difficult though
I think currently, I'm better at my job than Pooran is at his job. Always felt this arguments were dumb.
RCB with the Punjabi captain and Punjab with the Kannadiga captain.
does Shahbaz mean the same as Shabash
What'd yall think, will Kl terminate contracts with Kxip and opt to get into auction?
SRH whole team
SRK has been pretty solid for PBKS in that slot.He has scored a 20-30 odd here and there.SRK is prolly the last attacking batsman left in PBKS too in the order.It wasnt an insignificant wicket
How did Punjab enter the auction with more than 50 CR, only to go into the season with their tail basically starting at 4? Seems like gross mis management
Twice.

We are that good aren't we....
Bruh Kumble isn't that genius he's just a hard coach
For all those who say KL plays slowly just take a look at this side. He is the only batsmen. If he doesnt bat all 20 theyll be all out every innings
God I hope not, Chennai was absolutely terrible
Kumble being Washington's dad is pretty believable
Let's goo bra
Inb4 MI picks him
Let Rahul play number 4. This will stabilize the middle order. Gayle, Mayank and Malan as top 3
Nope. It's a good wicket to bat on
Ask Shaw :p
No PBKS is just bad
He should!!
tbh I kinda understand KL playing like this he knows his team pretty well.
Kohli likes to keep things simple - 
Off spinner against left handers, Leg spinners against right handers
Quite surprised how effective it is for him too.
If RCB had him in middle order we would have been invincible.
I heard this somewhere that when Kohli and Rohit became captains of their teams, they had already won a world cup each and had played under great captains.
Making young players captains really puts a lot of pressure on them and we can see that on KL, Samson and Pant. Strike rate has reduced a lot. It doesn't affect Shreyas and that's great. Not everyone has the ability to be a captain.
Thanks ipl for nerfing mi and buffing rcb
Nope
Pooran of SR 169 has simply hasn't turned up for this IPL. Give him a break and hire Malan for next match
What’s the story behind “simp Rahul” and orange cap? Have been seeing it mentioned a few times.
Yeah He played some weird shots but he could get 15 to 20 runs
Shahbaz is Lord Negi's successor
Except, Kl had rescued his SR and was going along plenty quick when the wickets started to fall. He wasn’t putting pressure on them.
Next phase of Indian LOI spinners might include Sundar, Shahbaz, Lalit Yadav
Kumble only became the coach last year. It feels like he's been around 3-4 yrs. Brad Hodge was the coach in 2019. Mike Hesson in 18. Sehwagh before him. That's 4 different coaches in last 5 yrs.
Never heard anyone saying this.
I'm afraid if Harshal is going to be wicket less today
No
Kl should ask punjab to not retain him and move to new franchise and build the team around him with a new management.
Why would he do that? They are paying him good.
These fucks gave 3 games to Mandeep last year in his natural positions where he scored good-ish

Then started to give the spot of #4 they never gave to Mandeep to Hooda. Granted Hooda worked well for Game1, but what after. 

Same with Arshdeep, took him out for last game of the season last year for no reason which made sure we got knocked out. Prob our best bowler this IPL, and what does he get dropped for? 

I legit cant believe it
Finally Jordon warming up. Get ready rcb
Punjab have an opportunity to rebuild the whole lineup in the mega auction
Harpreet before Jordan? Big brain move, almost as "smart" as sending dube before  Morris.
Yeah, I always felt Preity gets a bit out of control in auctios lol
Lmao
Wow, that run rate dropping like The Promised Neverland 2's score on myanimelist
Chris Jordan and Hetmeyer thicc
DC chased 155 in 16 something overs yesterday. So, pitch is good for batting.
Kl coming in auction and SRH buying him at 14 cr (they also went for him till 11 in 2018)

Kl 🤝 Warner
But in this match... DEFINATELY!!
Miyan to bowl only 3 overs today
No
Explosive + consistent + Indian + captain = stonks

Might cross 18Cr
The ever hopeful 'if'.
Captaincy is sucking the life out of him though.
KL’s towel tail though
Can he?
poor pooran.
Does anyone know harpreet's achievements or any info about him
Literally think this will happen with butler also in dilemma with rr
There's like 3 reliable batsmen in there.. on the other hand you have teams like MI, who have the best batting line-up on paper no doubt. Even KKR looks better than PBKS on paper imo
Hey hey...

No other team can take the worst middle order award from SRH.
They've worked their asses off for it
Yep if he goes Punjab might collapse below 140
Lol he wouldn't have moved.
KL back in RCB pls :)
Add RCB's luck
Nobody talking about kohlis captaincy today 

Got sams for the breakthrough, then Jamieson. As soon as the lefty was gone he got shahbaz and chahal to bowl. Purple patel and siraj to finish now. 

Saying it again, hes perfectly used sams
Where siraj and purple 🟣 ??
Hapreets parents named their sone while doing the classis burraarr
So many doubters in this thread man...
Abd's best innings have come when there was literally no support from the team a collapse sometime was saved due to abd and they were not slow innings either, all I'm saying is if you ain't got support aspire to be abd and not rahul you just won't win if you don't hit. Case in point rcb vs dc they had no chance due to collapse but the fact that abd played gave rcb a chance and then a win however it may have been.
Get Jordan next for his slam dunks with Pippen.
Dawid Malan should just go home, has Pooran even scored a run this tournament? Punjab just trying the same thing over and over again it’s ridiculous
I would take him in place of Kolhi in a heartbeat.
I feel that KL Rahul will probably leave PBKS and captaincy and that he will want to play under a cool headed captain, his natural game. Something like what Moeen Ali is doing right now, for some other team.
Did Styris say "Fuck"?
Nicky Pooran sure needs a break
Rahuls innings will end with 120 SR
KL is still out there. He just needs someone to support him to add the finishing touches.
He is from Punjab
KL should try to bat like his normal self from next match and increase his stocks. Can easily go for ₹15+ Cr in auctions
If RR, KKR, PBKS had been hard drives, I would had formatted them by now.
The batsmen really need to go for it now or it's over.
Kohli is a Delhi boy, even his family has punjabi roots.
Finally someone who undertands common sense
Yorkers did not land earlier.
How are Reddit people so fucking articulate? Are you all some kinda languagers or some shit?
TBF Gayle has been decent.He isnt the Gayle of 5 years back but he has been getting decent scores
Damnnnn my fellow u weeb what u just remind me
When
I don't want to see any of you mfs on r/cricket shitting ony boi kl for striking low.
She just goes after big names. Like Jhye Richardson, Riley Meredith etc.
But he can earn more in auction
KL needs more 8-9 runs for the orange cap
KKR Batting after losing 4 wickets : It's Show Time 😎

PBKS after losing 1 wicket : KL RAHUL MOMENT 😭😭😩😩🤬🤬🥵🥵🤢🤢🤮🤮😱😱😡😡
Send Daniyal Sams to open RCB cowards
Yeah only abd can do that tho
KL: I'll play with high SR.

Punjab Kings: No I don't think you will.
It seems that is enough to play for pbks
They spent 16 out of that on a bowler that they've benched for 3 matches now so yeah pretty bad management
Kumble is really missing a trick or forty two.
Sachin Kukreja looks like a dumb fuck
Nitin Menon would have given that wide
Oh damn it sounded like it but unlikely
Hes getting less than other captain
preity should sell pbks and invest in bitcoin
Zinta owns barely a fraction of the team, where did she get the authoritive power from ?
KL Rahul may be the most advised player ever on r/cricket. Everybody here has a unique idea on what he should differently compared to what he’s doing now.
Feels like another one sided chase coming up
Especially if Dhoni hangs up his boots. CSK will bet the farm.
Remember reading an article about Viru(when he qas punjab coach) asking help from rest of KXIP owners to keep Zinta from interfering in team.
Scott Styris thinks PBKS should bring back Riley Meredith and Jhye Richardson lmao.

Can't believe this dude is allowed to be a commentator.
I'm wondering if it makes sense to have a separate Orange cap for positions 1-3, and another for the rest of the team.

Among bowlers every bowler has a chance to Bowl 4 overs, but amongst batsman the top 3 will always the chance to face more balls, which is why guys like ABD, Dre Russ, Stokes (if playing) will not have a serious shot at getting the Orange Cap.
Trolled people who compared him to Canada Kumar
KL has an avg of nearly 75 against RCB ...and that was before this match
Sam's seems to be better than Thor
I'm worried about KLR. This kind of team will definitely impact his natural game too and in turn affect his chaces of remaining in national team
Sending Sundar ahead of Jamieson.
KL for CSK campaign when??
Those saying KL will go for the auction? Why would he leave a team where he's the captain, where he's the marquee player?
Don't be sad that it happened, be happy that it's over
Rr and Punjab are in this condition only because of their management who are on some high quality stuff
"Strike rate is overrated"
"horribly unbalanced" ? 
That is an oxymoron statement. What does that mean
Heard in this sub that he scored a double ton on his ODI debut in Ashes cricket. Don't know any other achievement pther than that
Atleast one of the batsmen should be hitting when there are 5 wickets & only 19 balls left.
Nonetheless what RCB does this year. 
We are seeing Kohli mature really well as a captain, which is going to be important for us at the world tournament
He’ll be retained haha
KL should just keep rotating the strike till 20th over.... 
And then fire it up in 20th over!!!
Scotty throwing shade at Roscoe
Seems like atlast kohli got the team he always wanted... 7 proper bowling and 7 batting options.
That's because Shaw is part Lara
Will he get more than 15 cr
 I don't think so. He is captain of this team. He can form a legacy here like Koach has without even winning shit.
Dhoni should open a Captaincy Coaching center, he'll be 1.4 times more rich then now.
What RCB fans feel after every season, Punjab makes sure it's fans feel it every match ;-;
Not talking only about Zinta. But also Wadia, Burman etc.
The biggest thing hurting Punjab’s batting this year is Poooran not firing. Needs a break, gotta give Malan a chance now or any other batter for that.
Is Brar good at batting?
And yet he does what he wants to do 
Top lad.
They renamed "Death by numbers" to "Death overs by numbers" in the dugout.
PBKS has a semi decent time.They just have brain dead management. Batting was supposed to be their strong point
Even Sams is bowling well at the death lol
Yeah lol! Always thought the same whenever his ad comes up
fucking Rahul giving me heart attacks every single he takes
This is encouraging for RCB death bowling 

They are finishing with either harshal or siraj not finishing their quota of overs . Others are trying to step up
Kl 🤝 Pandey

Scoring 50 like 🦁 and then pacing the innings like 🐢
So RCB is winning all matches but one.

We just need to kick CSK from the top 2 and it’s a perfect tournament.

RCB or DC winning is good for the world. Anything else means the nightmare continues (Bloodborne style).
Does it matter he already had a great career and won purple cap 2 years.
Thanks! Taxonomy is hard work, but messages like these make it worthwhile.
Exactly.
Wtf is this batting
StatPadder (TM)
My man Rahul played half the balls of the innings and still not hitting, talk about self control and patience /s
Yeah I'm not saying hit only sixes 4 rahul can do it I know he just won't due to fear if not then who it's doing him no good...
he came in to maintain left-right? when jordan is still not in. he literally scored 30 of 18 when no one scored over a strike rate of 100.
aNiL kUmBle iS bEtTeR tHaN sHaStRi
42 runs in 7 overs 🤡
Age 25. Has played 4 IPL matches - bowls left arm orthodox; batting Strike rate 147 with a highest of 20 - but he has played only 4 matches - basically a greenhorn

Source[https://www.cricbuzz.com/profiles/14452/harpreet-brar](https://www.cricbuzz.com/profiles/14452/harpreet-brar)
He’s crying about 3 foreign fast bowlers not being enough chances... 6 games in...
Bring him back home 🥺
Siraj done well at the death against DC - not always been perfect but wouldve thought hed bowl
Nah 6 matches are enough 

I think they'll make the change next match
I was thinking it was just me. They totally did then.
But KL Rahul is no ABD. ABD has played most of his big innings either while having the likes of Kohli on the other end, or while finishing an innings at the death.

KL is an opening batsman, it's natural that he isn't going to be as good at scoring in the death as AB
Lol you do understand right that if KL were to go in an auction, he'd start a bidding war and would go for much more than what his current contract is?

This guy strikes at 140 in T20i when he knows that he doesn't have to play conservatively because of a weak batting side.

Literally any team would be more than happy to have him
You mean linguists. Pardon my assumption.
F
Perfect replacement for Manish/ 3D
At least RCB would have actually used Malan and given him some games.
Purple patel coming to pick up tail enders /s
Middle order batsmen are overrated*
Just score a 100
What would you rather want? 

160/6 or 120 ao? Because that pretty much sums up pbks
I think if Rahul goes for auction next year he’ll probably get more than what he’s paid now
Well now we enter the purple Patel world
154 in 19th over???
we just need them to face MI in the Eliminator
Bruh atleast do something
Lmao full toss for a single?? Noice
KL Rahul for Orange Cap
Why hasn't Siraj bowled yet?
Seems like an interesting Kamal Selva plot
Kl getting ready to smash the ball i feel like
KL be like- They say one never does nothing. But I do nothing every match🥺🥺
Oh just fuck off
Just tuning in, what's with Punjab dropping Arshdeep and also seems Gayle just shut down those Malanic demands.
time for purpule patel to deliver loopy balls and get 2 - 3 wickets!
Thus stupid left and right combination costing matches for PBKS
hey priety, time to fire your numerologist. we lost KXIP 😔 and got fucking PBKSMYASS!!
Where are the mandatory 2 wickets for purple patel?
Harshal bowls a lot of fulltosses doesn't he?
Let's go Bra
Jadeja nuked that world long ago
Yes he should make a 30(15) than a 80(60) and risk having his side get out for 120 everytime right?
If they are took tooking now at the end,  then they are really shitty
Bruh this harpreet guy lookin skinnier than padikkal
KL fears no one, except our middle order
RCB is surely winning this unless somebody pulls a Jadeja
Damnnnn Harpreet
Test team comeback
About time
Patidar looks like first draft Dhawan.
Punjab are the worst team this season lmao
and i thought srh's middle order was unreliable
Backing kl slow play is not totally right as powerplay needs to be utilised he should come at no3 or 4 for stablizing the innings
No boundaries in the last 36 balls, our expectations were already low but holy fuck
IMO SRH has recently had the worst management. They have one of the best set of core players but they are surrounded by trash. They had the middle order issue for years and never try to fix it.
Left handed PTSD time for Purple Patel?
We had more things to say about gear on which Rahul should play his innings and not much about people around him.
Ok who will pbks retain next year. 
My bet is Rahul, Mayank and Gayle (or shami)
Bra...
No wickets for purple Patel today?
This RCB team looks very balanced in all compartments. I hope Kohli doesn't do chop chops anymore
Bruh
I feel the same way now. Kohli is acting a lot mature now and wouldn't mind KL Rahul playing one down for RCB.
Ok. Harpreet can bat.. good
Brar goes Bang Bang
Well Purple Patel is here
does Kohli have the stones to bowl Shahbaz again
Finally a boundary.
Holy shit brah.
Letsgooooooo harpreet
Harpreet jadeja
Hey hey hey that's unfair

Us being at 3 means we face MI in eliminator
The script says that we lose and the MI juggernaut starts and gets their 6th.

If that shouldn't happen, take one for the tournament and beat MI in the eliminator
ಠ_ʖಠ
KL's form in T20s is concerning. He struggled in the England series, he's struggling here. At this rate, he will just remain in the ODI side.
I don't think Kumble's a great coach or anything but punjab has had a number of coaches and captains over the years and have been consistently mediocre.
BRUH
So far
Wtf I didn't know Harpreet can bat lmao
I BELIEVE IN HARPREET SUPREMACY.
Ffs
Lord Harpreet heard your comment
Harshal getting knightmare
Harpreet is left arm orthodox spinning allrounder

Jadeja is also that

They both are batting in death overs

37 runs incoming?
Finally a worthy player in team after Gayle
It might be too late now. The same thing happened last year. By the time they got Gayle in, too much was lost...
That 6 was effortless.
#**P T S D**
Hope KL gets the orange cap soon, so we can have Orange Rahul vs Purple Patel in the 20th
What's it with LHB hitting Harshal easily?
171-6 will be Punjab's score
Lefties smacking Patel like hell
Nice boy Harpreet
Brah!
Harshal finally bowling like he does
Harpreet is Jadeja lite?
Harshal lad this is all you had to do last match but you fucked up and it cost DC the match.
Brar making everyone go bruh
KL either gonna explode or implode next over
r/cricket finally happy to see Harshal getting smashed lol
Is Harshal finally going for a wicket-less game
Left hand bat is Purple Patel's Kryptonite?
Virgin Nicky P getting those ducks VS Chad YT Anchor hitting Purple Patel for boundaries.
Purple Patel can u please take one wicket right now
Purple patel getting cunted😱
Harpreet Bra is the player Pooran aspires to be
Dont bowl in the slot you idiot
wow brar
Indian top order batsman that strikes at 140 in T20i? Would go for 18+ surely if guys like Maxi and Jamieson are going for 14+
Harshal bowls well to Gayle lol
Not to hate, but I really wish Rahul would just admit that like, his strike rate is too low. I know he doesn't have too much batting around him, but he really needs to get a move on sometimes. They're wasting their platform
rahuls not a statpadder, his team just sucks
Runs go brar
Harpreet for WC


/s
On this pitch, I reckon 145-150 is a useless score, especially against that RCB batting line-up. They may as well have gotten 130, because it'll be chased down either way.

They need to take some risks a little bit sooner, and at least try to get past 170. You just can't go boundary-less for 6 overs in T20 cricket
Eh hoi gall Brar
Harshal is getting predictable at this point
Pooran is an amazing player but malan should start now. He deserves it man. After gayle this team looked dead.
Surely not Gayle, they'd try to buy him back instead I reckon, he won't be that expensive considering his age
Harshal Patel is broken
Sometimes KL lets the team down, sometimes team lets KL down. 


It's the second kinda day today.
not again Harshal!
Oye Braruh!!!!!!!
Pitch looks great for batting.
excuse me wtf
Lord Harsal is bacc guys
He is a fan of Lord Thakur
Harshal wicket strategy - slower ball in the slot, fuck it, somebody will catch it
C'mon Harshal this is your territory, pick all the useless wickets left
Players I feel bad about this year:

1. Morgan
2. KL
3. Pooran
4. Rabada
5. .
Yorker bc.
High Value Patel is back bois
Is harshal bowling the last over?
Let's start nominating the worst ads of this IPL. Let me start, ALL ADS*. 

* Except Kriti Sanon.
Koach did an oopsie Siraj has still 2 overs left, but now he can only bowl 1
Purple Patel mandatory 14 economy coming up
What's with RCB having similar kind of beards? Have to recognise them from their skin colour shade lmao
Harshal to concede alternate 4's and 6's this over?
Harpreet to KL- Boundary mein maar deta hu aap strike rotate karlo

To I will hit the boundaries you rotate the strike
Need harshal " statpadding " patel to arrive
Come on preet! Hit some more.
Harshal Patel wants LORD status
Punjab are the worst team every season lmao.
Are we watching the same match he aint struggling
Problem with Harshal is that, for 1 good ball, he bowls 3 very, very shit balls.
Ruined test gamefor T20s. Now ruined T20s for ??l
Harshal is losing his Felix Felicis
Why was Harpreet not the opener instead of Prabhsimran?
You could feel the anger in that throw, KL felt it too
Figures why he has the purple cap
Just imagine if Brar married a lady named Harpreet.
Do jamieson has a over left ? Since gayle gone he can fosho vot that mojo
He isn't struggling he just doesn't trust the rest of his team
RCB bowler's salary 2021 (in crores):

1. **Jamieson: 15**
2. **Chahal: 6**
3. Dan Christian: 4.8
4. Richardson: 4
5. Sundar: 3.2
6. Saini: 3
7. Siraj: 2.6
8. Zampa: 1.5
9. **Shahbaz: 0.2**
10. **Sams: 0.2**
11. **Harshal: 0.2**
He's criticizing Shaw's technique tho. Pooran doesn't really have a bad technique, just some terrible form rn
* Cries in Krunal Pandya *
Harshal having Vietnam flashbacks
PBKS need to pull a Jadeja
Doull is totally annoyed at Harshal haha
Preeet goes brrrrrrr
Yorker literally won the match for rcb last match. Now they are bowling crap. Bowl yorkers ffs.
Harpreet has absorbed Pooran’s power. The only explanation
PBKS with an awful middle over stint is still going 170+
Harpreet Bra & Rishabh Panty


     Cricketers by day, lingerie by night ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
What about u/fishfucker
There's no "or Shami"

It'll be Shami instead of Mayank ig, they can get an Indian opener in the auction, but Shami is phantastic
What the fuck Rahul what are you waiting for dammit 67 of 50 balls
Farwell good *DC fan*.  May you find your worth in the waking world.
My man has the highest number of yorkers. So probably go back to your cave?
Virat cut his sleeves unevenly lol
KL, Gayle, Mayank and Malan is a great top 4. Maybe they should try it lol once Mayank is clear to return from injury
Shot
Kishan?
Tarak mehta moment
Sushant Singh Rajput lite getting hit lol
No wicket for purple today
*Everyone shitting on SRH and KKR's management*

Mean while Chad pubiks management using the world's no.1 T20 batsman to warm the bench
Simon Doull is absolutely losing it with this meme bowling
Yeah i should do this reverse jinxing thing more often
Yeah but he needs a team for that and that will take time!!! It will be just like RCB in the previous years when their batting was dependent on 2-3 batsman and no strong bowling line up...
Purple Patel ain't working for Koach today.. and he is supposed to bowl 20th over too..
Doubt he is getting the 20th now
Come on Harshal what are you doing ffs
Should target 180
Dan Christian 4.8??????
Add Lungi Ngidi to the collection
Will they end up at 171?
Harpreet goes brrrr-ar
They better get 180, or no chance against Maxwell and abd.
Indian bois have faced many a legendary trundlers in domestic cricket so Patel's magic doesn't work on them.
Not another 171 please
Nice over
A dude I have never heard of just smacked Harshal Patel.

The Harshal we love and admire is back!
178 confirmed
Wait?Siraj will bowl 1 over? He has been insane this IPL.
Dayum Beamer Boi gets paid more than Siraj
Lmaoooo
Is that Andy Flower in PBKS dugout?
Harshal is so overrated
Brain dead decision from koach to bowl harshal 2 instead of siraj in rhe death
Fk who is bowling the last over
Get a aggresive coach ffs, KL was god in 2018 under Viru, yeah he is no coach but they really influence the mindset
Harshal is a good middle overs bowler. Should bowl after 17
Harshal has blown hot and cold. Bring back those yorkers man. Not some repeated slower ball shit.
Guys just 25 25 runs from two overs, and we can see rcb chasing 200.

Come on kl
Siraj next and jamieson last
Who the heck is Jacky and why the heck he likes jumba

What a shitty ad
Harpreet saved their ass.
KL- Someone....pls halp....... Brar: Hold my beer
Tu purple cap holder hoga ghar pe.
Harshal tf is this
Or he is using Chain Kuli Ki Main Luli Bat
Bowl Siraj and Jamieson. Enough of Purple Patel please 🙏
Harshal 'fake purple cap holder' patel
It was all pbks in the first ten overs and then rcb clawed back. game will definitely swing again
Purple Patel panicking
I am now convinced Harshal Patel has shitposted his way to most wickets
For all the shit KL is getting for batting slow, why can't he bat like Koach? Take minimal risks only by scoring boundaries and not going for the aerial shots?
Maybe Siraj should've bowled that over
ahh..  purple patel loopy balls not getting wicket this over!
Predicting KL to go big and we score 180 today
Harshal Patel was going for the wickets, not to cut the runs.
Jamieson
Doull is losing his shit. And rightly so. 
Like bowl to the longer side ffs how tough is that
That RBI ad has the most random set of cricketers lol
They really lay the ads on thick when rcb play
Harsal, Siraj and Maxi have made RCB absolutely lethal
Fuck you
So a 3 ball duck for Pooran now. Can he do 4 ball one next
If MI get a couple of wins in a row top 4 will be sealed with 20 games left unless one of the bottom half teams gets a mad winning run or a top half team collapses.
Looks like the only purple on Harshal today is the pasting he's getting now.
purple Patel bowling absolute pies
PBKS

Plebs, Bishnoi, KL and Shami
This is the harshal we need and meme RCB deserve.
Before RCB had all these great batsmen playing for them. Ross Taylor was the OG RCB player who used to give solid batting performances for RCB
Aiytu, tm
Purple Patel wicket where?
Andy Flower and Kumble in the same team ? Wow must be an explosive dressing room..
Man!  Harshal misses his length way too frequently
Back to meme bowling.
Please bowl yorkers mian
He literally has like most wickets in the tournament.
Calling it 171 rcb to chase it in 18.3 overs same script again
Not everyone is ABD to perfectly play the scoop shots, just need to bowl fucking Yorkers at the death even if it's a set batsman
Has harshal been roped in by Universal studios to play the next Jekyll and Hyde?
A man of culture!
You underestimate Kohli.
Bruh, why the fuck Virat underbowling Siraj?
Should've gone for Suraj earlier huhh
that economy rate tho
PBKS should give Ishan Porell a chance.
I think the beamers scare him
Last time Umesh got 2crore without playing a match
Why didn't Siraj bowl the 18th Over
Along with KP
That's why he's in the 11
170+/-5 incoming


https://www.reddit.com/r/Cricket/comments/n1t70x/_/gwfka9i
Jadeja really killed Harshal's momentum.
Harshal patel has lost his mojo!
Because koach is koqch
I think KL got his orange cap with that shot if i calculated correctly
Harshal Patel is the biggest anomaly in world cricket. Sometimes it feels like he's a lot smarter and capable than people give him credit for. Sometimes it feels like he's just brain-dead.
This is progress for PBKS in a way - they have achieved their potential score (as a team) in only 18 overs this time
RCB be still afford to drop a bowler and select someone like Mohammad Azharuddin, considering Maxwell bowls as well
Ok. That's a very valid point.
good realisation
Hold my *bra
let me bowl slow the batsman hits it and the fielder will catch it easy wickets purple cap go brrr
Yeah should've saved one of Sam's overs
Siraj miyan on point as usual
Has kohli messep up his math
Siraj plis make up for harshals last over
Harshal has been good with wickets at the death but I feel like Siraj has been more consistent
For RCB, highest viewership is like winning ipl. For Punjab, orange cap is Like winning ipl
Did have a great all-round BBL
Guys what if there was an auction to buy coaches for every team?

Mahela and Fleming would surely be a lot richer
So they key to chahal being a decent bowler is paying him 0.2 crores.. BCCI taking notes
Is Koach thinking of reviewing that lmao
Is Kohli actually not gonna bowl out Siraj today?
Only to end up at One Seven One
You'd never get a wicket with that kind of appeal
Might be too expensive for them.
RBI kehta hai

Don't do drugs
19 from 10 guys lezzgoo
Siraj has improved so much in the last year
Did Virat forget about Siraj in between?
Siraj should have bowled the 18th :/
Koach !
Still remember that 80 off 30ish deliveries
Hooda and Harshal were overhyped
Oh yes. Shubham too. Poor lad is not THAT bad
lol @ Siraj's appealing voice!
Don't do it
Lmao siraj
Kl century please
Siraj with them Yorkers
That's how I shout when I hit my pinki toe against the edge of bed
Yes
Lol Siraj's appeal like someone kicked him in the nuts.. ahhh ahhh ahhh
171 incoming bois
Is srikanth on drugs?
Rahul against other teams : 40(39)


Rahul against RCB : 70(50)


Rift^T^M
funny how KKR and RCB lite seem to have better batters down the order
Why tf does harshal keep bowling loose balls and slot deliveries
As good as Harpreet has been, can't help but feel they could have sent Jordan...
Yesss
Kl trying to be ABD
Aeh Aeh… Aeh .. Aeh
Well, now he can't
I'm not sure he was bowling beauties earlier tho, people were just going after him and not timing the shots
Kl " orange cap secured " Rahul
Lazy scriptwriters smh
Siraj won't complete his quota 🤦‍♂️
Come on KL, show us some fireworks
KL Rahul is now orange cap holder.

Universe is in balance again.
Lmao KL with orange cap
ORANGE CAP
171 Materializing
Shahbaz is an Allrounder so he shouldn't be dropped
Lmao Orange Cap achieved
The dilscoop looks hideous when it doesn't work out
KL wears sliders with socks, always doubted the man's selection
fuck pkbs!  kl rahul orange cap misson successful!
Being a punjab fan..and knowing they are unlikely to get a par score..I would recommend they declare the innings and bamboozle the opposition into submission.
KL will go for his hundred
Orange cap 👉🙂👈
Because he isn't koach?
Orange cap back to the OG🙏
But azhar is a top order bat
This might be the first match that Harshal may not get a wicket
Orange Cap party time
Brilliant bowling Siraj
For CSK fair play award is like winning IPL
Fuck Siraj bowls only 3. Sad
How do you not bowl your best bowler out?
Inb4 171
ORANGE CAPPPP
KL to get out now
Very difficult with shardul bowling the way he is
Never underbowl siraj
Rahul has the orange cap now. Mission Accomplished!!
Damn! Siraj can easily bowl 140+. Even Harshal is 137-138. This RCB is different
KL and orange cap, better love story than *u know what*
Yes I g
Siraj bowls 3? why?
Koach intentionally leaving Harshal for the 20th so as to make it interesting
Siraj bowls 3? why?
Siraj should have been given more overs surely
KL got his orange cap back.
No not even that, could've bowled Siraj the previous over and the last, don't mind harshal or jamie bowl one in the powerplay
Is Siraj god?
Hiral Patel is their best bowler.
Rahul got his orange cap
He'll leave now
Are we going to reach the magical 171?
Too early to say that Nicholas Pooran an overrated cricketer who briefly hit a purple patch last year ?
Orange 🍊
Rahul gets the orange cap
KL happy
What a over by Siraj doe
Kl gets what he came for
There is no better love affair than KL's stat padding and orange cap
Dread it run from it Orange cap Rahul arrives all the same.
Me on my way to shitpost my way to IPL and then get purple cap by luck
Rahul gets his Orange Cap
Siraj has been so good at death
Siraj's death bowling has been a revelation.
Ffs no Harshal for last over
Kohli wasted Siraj's 1 over
What is the deal with "orange cap" ? every SRH player has it.
Bumrah who?
Siraj has been impressive with his variations
Rahul: mission accomplished. 

Orange cap.
Harshal shouldn't bowl last over LHB is threat to him
He is lord mate
Siraj should've bowled 4 overs!
KL and the orange cap- a romance transcending time
KL has accomplished his goal of retaining the orange cap, he’s ready to declare now /s
RCB after Mega auctions 

2018  - Shit

2019 - Shit

2020 - decent but still shit

2021 - Finally excellent

Mega Auctions next year - Fuck!
Siraj ka Raj T: Siraj Supremacy
Beautiful Siraj
Siraj definitely has gained a lot of confidence after fucking us up
Is that the rapist?
KL finally gets the moment he had been waiting for since day 1
Irfan Pathan's favorite bowlers are Siraj, Shami and Avesh.
Simply brilliant over this from Siraj
154 runs till 20 th over.Purple Patel shaking.
KL Rahul: OPERATION ORANGE CAP ACHIEVED! OPERATION CENTURY STARTS NOW!
Last over needs to go for 37 if pbks need to stand a chance
Yes.
Orange Cap Rahul
Siraj bowls only 3 🤔 Hope that doesn't hurt RCB in the end 😒
That's just unlucky
Why underbowl miyan?
Should have finished Siraj instead of Patel!
Took Siraj and Harshal in team, both are at 4 and 2 points respectively ;_;
Great bowling Siraj
Brilliant over
This joke is 5 seasons old
Unpopular opinion: Jamieson doesn't deserve that huge price tag
This is peak meme.
Death overs ka Siraja
Guys, did we actually find our Natarajan?
Harshal bowled at least a couple of good yorkers in the earlier games (probably one reverse swinging bowled too). Not sure why is he not trying them off late mostly when under the pump?
This year he'll make 1 cr with same amount of effort at DC
Nice view of Scott Cougarline.
SIBUMRAJ.
Brilliant over from miyan unlucky last ball
Agree, Harshal has been hit or miss in the death tbh
I think Virat trusted Harshal more than Siraj and decided to give Harshal all 4, now not sure what to do.
Sirajsimp
Siraj should've bowled 20th over, more importantly, he should've completed his quota.
why the fuck would you give your best bowler only 3 overs to bowl?

The last over might go for 37  or more ffs
Edge ruined the over
What fucking stat padding
sirraj is rcb's bumrah
Still a good over. All upto the purple cap holder now🤞🏽
Kl got his cap his job here his done
Harshal is going to waste Siraj effort lol
Miyan and bumrah at the death would be deadly
What an awesome penultimate over.
I would say it's the other way around. He has hit a very lean patch this year
Hooda has been so mediocre since that 70 in that 224 game
Another 171?
Siraj went to Australia and just changed everyone’s fortunes
They are gonna hot 14 runs and end up 171
What is Rang Rover doing near the boundary? 🤔 Wasn't it supposed to be Mars
Orange Rahul vs Purple Patel, who will win the battle of Caps?
Brilliant over.
Shabaaz was bowling well at that time
Woah man. Siraj good.
RCB have done the best job in incorporating those Banner ads onto thier jersey. Instead of super imposing those logos, they have gone with white and red.
Inb4 Harshal takes 3 in the last over
Mandatory trash ball from siraj
I wish ESPN commented PBKS games like they did today of Pakistan game
Come on pls huge last over atleast 30
5k comments
300 upotes lol
5k comments
300 upotes lol
Why Siraj bowling only three overs!! Bad captaincy
37 runs incoming?
And they're bowling Harshal Patel again lmfao
Harshal bowling the last over...
Than virat and abd
Really good over from Siraj... Becoming a really good contendor to fix the spot in all 3 formats for India...
14 off the last over and we will see 171 as tbe score of the team batting first 4th day in a row, (KKR batted 3rd lol)
PBKS and KL are a match made in heaven with their cringe fans and Stat padding
Siraj the MVP
Please no 171!! Lol.
Yorker, yorker, yorker, perfect bouncer, low full toss (attempted yorker), slot (attempted yorker).

7 runs only, 1 bad ball in 6. We finally have a death bowler lads
Siraj has been lining up the yorkers better than Bumrah this season
Good over miyan.Now get those Yorkers going Harshal!
Demand and supply. He won't get this price next year.
Siraj has been bowling well but doesn't have a lot of wickets to show for,which could hamper his selection for T20 WC
How maboi Siraj has changed.
37 and they go to 194
Tbh they haven't. Meredith has played 3 games with 1 poor game, 1 good game and 1 shitshow. 3 games in Chennai is hardly enough to bench blokes who are used to bowling in the 140s. Makes more sense to play them bis they've moved to other pitches.
Koach not completing siraj's over is the biggest dick move one could have done and he did it with perfection
Bhuvi disagress
He is a league above atm. Bumrah now we are talking
Can't do anything about that. Regardless, top notch over from Siraj!
No way Siraj doesn’t make the WC squad, right?
Harpreet to pull a Jadeja
is 37 the new 49?
Harpreet go brarrrrr
Well atleast he is getting those breakthroughs.
Siraj has one more remaining. Maybe he should’ve bowled 18th and 20th.
37 runs loading
Purple patel is similar to Lord Thakur. Might go for a lot of runs, might provide important breakthroughs. Nobody knows
Sunny g eating that sandwich reminds me of george costanza episode where he gets humiliated in team meeting🤣🤣
Man, they just happy since they aint playin at Bangalore, no way they could bowl at that flat pitch, don't hate, I'm a kannadiga
It wasn’t even trash, just unlucky to get an edge
14 runs for 171
*disagrees
Rahul  9 runs away from orange cap
Damn. Harsh a had to jinx it.
Choke the Kings?
Yeah outside edge four its a bad ball
Watch Harshal bowl an amazing last over and shut r/cricket up..
It's not unpopular. But so far jamieson has done his part decently this ipl.
Remember when people didn't want Siraj in the test squad because of his Ipl records
2018 - plain shit

2019 - tatti shit

2020 - decent shit

2021 - excellent shit

2022 - RINSE & REPEAT????
69D chess by koach to bowl Miyan both 19th and 20th
37 runs over will get them to a great score
Can't believe WhiteHat Jr is getting so many elite celebrities from different fields to endorse their expensive courses that are avilable for free online.
Kohli has his flaws but he has backed Siraj throughout all of ipl, we are starting to see the results of it now
Run from it dread from it 171 arrives
C'mon Rahul get to your century, this is the time
c'mon Rahul
Ahh 20 run over coming?
Purple patel will take 5 wickets in  5 balls
If harshal bowls well this over I'll have so much respect for Koach
Orange Cap holder vs Purple Cap holder
Cmon <175 pls pls pls
4 sixes for rahuls 100.
I remember how Siraj used to get shit on, on this sub up until last year. Always backed him, not an RCB fan but hella happy for Miyan about he's evolved and proving his worth.
We’re losing again aren’t we
It was between him and sams and sam was 1-18 in 3. So might be the reason.
what's the relevance with 170?
24 runs pls??
Another brainfade captaincy by koach. Siraj bowling so well and he didn't finish his quota. Wtf?!
This match gave us all the RCB memes:

* kl Rahul going at high strike rate
* Gayle going BOSS mode
* Harshal bowling garbage
* Kohli meme facial expressions
Ffs purple patel
Fucking hell
Our purple boy needs to bowl their orange boi
"he's got a left hander on strike and it's not Jadeja" 


Harsha you beauty
Its about the team balance, not the player. Team had the money. They just needed an international bowler. And he was doing good atm.
Now for the final battle

Orange vs Purple

Day vs Night
He had it
20 off 4 let's goo
Today Harshal wicketless lol
harshals first two overs were really economical so
KL should hit century
Harshal fulltoss patel
I don't want to see anyone shitting on kl for playing to get the orange cap. Y'all pbks fans should be happy that he is the only one scoring consistently.
Kl Rahul orange cap congratulatory thread where?
80(54). Are you not satisfied?
good start
Just keep it under 175 and we gucci
Here we go again!!!!!!!
9 runs in 5 balls
This should have been Siraj's 4th over
Koach miscalculated...Siraj only bowled 3. Harshal back at last over.
😳
Seems like Harshal doesnt bowl nearly as well to left handers as he does to right handers.
Congratulations r/cricket , you jinxed Purpatel
Is no one else psyched about Punjab heading to 171
I don't think that was ever on question.
Lookadaflickadawrist
Another comfortable 170 chase loading?
Facebook money
Rahul scoring a ton. You read it first here
Siraj for T20 WC?
Stat padding is new intent
siraj will only bowl 3 overs today, WTF koach
Everyone was bowling well tbh

Wasn't a brainfade
r/cricket looking so stupid rn
Fuck me this is bad
Klasss
oh get lost
Ill take anything under 170
Kohli is trying to rebuild Patel's confidence by giving him the last over
OG Patel
Cmon Rahul, i know we've had a rocky relationship, but hit 4 sixes and redeem yourself
KL Rahul Orange Cap AND 171 score, lovely
Patel helping KL get a 100
100 coming up
Orange Cap achieved
Wtf was that shot?
KL lighting it up
KL Rahul is superman
86(55)
This guy misses the Yorker a lot
Harshal yen aithu
PTSD
Oh god no 171 today
171 again ??
Please don't be 171
Jamieson where?
171 again?
Jadeja flash back
Siraj has come so far in his game it's amazing.
That was a freebie.
Jamieson can bowl yorkers rite ?
Miscalculation.
Wouldn’t it better to have 2 economical overs at the death by Siraj instead of two high scoring overs by Harshal where he might pick up a wicket
Jadeja has broken Purple Patel.
And now?
*Is this your Yorker King?*
Has to be
Fuck this. Now theyre getting 170+
Totally
PuRpPlE pAtEl
Fuck you Purple
Why doesn't he play like this in Powerplay ??
Cheeeeeky
Orange cap overpowering the purple cap
Don't give r/cricket a reason to not hate KL
kamaal Lajawaab Rahul
Shouldn't have given this order to Harshal
What's more frustrating than watching KL bat slow is watching him hit boundaries at will!
Purple Patel Overrated
you are??😲

lo mathe yaake punjab support?
Three matches 171 scored.
Siraj may even replace Shami now in Intl cricket. He's improved so much. I'd love to see Bumrah, Bhuvi, Siraj attack together in WC
KL Rahul turning the tables on RCB as usual
Shot
KL has now become Right Handed Jadeja.
It would be a miracle if people stopped shitting in him lol.
Harshal getting exposed
Orange Cap back. Will smile be?
K. L. Rahul: strike rate WAS overrated.
KLassic Rahul
Bruh that look on ABD's face says that he doesn't want to save this team's ass again
Mf down bowl full tosses ffs
I'm sorry KL
You ain't fooling KL, Purpatel.
Wow that went for six
Harshal Patel and his full tosses.
*Sad Thanos noises*
Le Orange cup after every match: I m bored of you, let me find another owner
Dude ran out of Felix Felicis
We never complained about him lol he’s the saviorrrrr
Cherry pie or blueberry?
Kohli fucked this up didn't he
Oh my god KL😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
More of that from you
69m
Nice
No ball incoming
3 balls to get 14 runs
Hmm
14 off 3..lesssgo
Bruh this is bad
Harshal with some comical bowling but brilliant batting from KL
I just want Punjab to get to 171 for the memes
Wtf Punjab don't even dare to cross 171
Can he just not bowl anymore pies pls
KL 100 pls
I will always back Harshal Patel to lose control and bowl minimum 2 full tosses when there is pressure. Everytime.
Why would you not bowl jamieson? Brain dead captain for a reason.
KL Special
fucking yes king, end him
Lol Harshal turning in to a meme.
Don't ever shit on rahul again
That’s what happens when he stays till the end
Harshal, we are playing cricket here, not fuckin baseball
harshal patel should be barred from bowling the last over 😬
Purple Patel is having a bad day today 🙁
Lol wt
Purple patel slowly devolving to Harshal Patel
Harshal prolly thinks it’s a no ball if the ball bounces on the pitch .
Sorry bois no 171
Lmao god!
Orange cap 🥳
10 off 2 come onnn
Another two sixes
Nice.
This is good for India. But KL hate train on this sub is unbelievable!
Ffs
Koach is new pant, miscalculating overs of best bowler.
Rahul cunted Patel
Harshal seems to lack the aura and fear of a purple cap holder... Batsmen aren't afraid of him...
And they say KL's position in India is up for grabs lol
He should've bowled jamieson to get him some confidence back, after gayle carnaged him
Seriously what the fuck is going on
You'd think Kohli would learn by now that Siraj >>> Harshal in the last over. I'm legit getting Jadeja flashbacks now
Harshal PTSD
Here's the big over.
A 360 shot over MR 360
Now he'll get a wicket and everyone happy yay
KL WHEN IN SONG >
Harshal was the impostor
Crossed 171 🤡😰🤡😰🤡😰🤡
10 more for century
Rahul 💯 in works..
Can KL do a Koach and get a 100 on the last 3 balls?
Big brain kohli stopping the 2s with fielders to concede the 4s
KL woulda batted like this 5 overs earlier has someone stayed with him
Purple Patel gets nervous once he gets hit
Is it taboo here to say I don’t think Harshal deserves the purple cap?
Absolute madlad!
Patel should not be near death overs for a while...not good for his own psyche
Don’t worry he just had a Jadeja flashback
Alright, Koach fucked up. Siraj should've completed his quota
171 breached!!
KL Rahul is KLPDing Harshal.
Ohohohoho lovely, keep smacking him. Need 180
Virat is done
Ridiculous sweeping from KL
Kl 100 come on
171 crossed
Jadeja PTSD
This is what happens when your entire wicket taking strategy revolves around bastmen mishtting or mistiming due no variation from the bowler's end..

&#x200B;

Repeat with me: Harshal Patel is not a wicket taker..
Harshal is a final over specialist now
why harshal why???
K L sarfaraz khan
Rahul doing his all for 100
Harshal Patel loosing mojo. Jaddu PTSD
Patel don't let it become a pattern bro
What a fucking shot
Punjab Kings is nothing without KL Rahul
Accept it!
What the Actual fuck Harshal??
Oyeeee BHen ke laU\*\*
 💯 pls
Harshal doesn't like learning from his mistakes, does he
Dumb to not bowl Jamieson. Kohli doesn’t learn.
This has been a very good innings by KL but still was pretty unacceptable what he did in the powerplay
If he gets out early, the batting collapses
Yeah, but you would expect better from people like Kapil Dev.
Afraid that Purple Patel's bubble might be bursting
What are you sTatPaDdInG clowns talking about? Siraj was just incredible in the previous over and KLPD is 90 from 56. Stop talking shit
Purple Patel because he gets beaten up black and blue 😂
No 171 smh
That was a good ball though
He had it rough with Jadeja
He did. Jamieson got a wicket
I hope KL gets a 100 fuck this shit
Where are sr is overrated comments
Oye why not 171?
No one usless wickets left?
2 balls left, KL needs 10
Purple Patel wants Orange Cap as well apparently. Leave it for others also bro
If only KL brought this before the last over
Wtf lmao

This guy has taken wickets for fun in the death. Yes he has had a a couple bad overs but brain-dead? Lmao you're brain-dead
Purple Patel decoded
50 up for Purple Patel
Harshal Patel makes 50 very often with the ball
would be amazing if he can do 10 in 2
OFC KL RAHUL SCORES A 100 AGAINST RCB
100 come on
Harshal transforming into Lord Harshal
I can’t believe Harshal is completing his quota of 4 overs while Siraj isn’t.
This slow ball lap was very good
KL Rahul's fuck you r/cricket moment
POV AB you are watching AB
Bipolar bowling by Harshal
2 hit away from 100..
RCB's designated death bowler's demise {RCBvsMI - RCBvsPBKS}
Bcz even if he gets out now it won't affect the team total drastically.
Now this is a captains innings
Century plz
Why would you even send Harshal in the 20th and underbowl Siraj after what he did against DC
Management ge tikka ganchali, rahul Gayle na release madidu, adre gilly fan guru, 2010 inda loyal ag Punjab ge support madidini, if not punjab, escn
Rahul - Fine. I will do it myself
Once again world class captaincy from Koach
And people still will want Rohit over KL as opener.. Smh
Virat should have trusted Siraj.
That Jaddu PTSD is so real
Virat looks like the meme of the pakistan fan
Should have denied the single
Slow Yorkers doesn't work everytime they knew Harshal will bowl last over and saved the wicket for it.
Us and PKBS fans after this innings 🤡
Big mistake by koach to not bowl siraj 4 overs
Purple bowling to orange
KL Rahul doing an ABD here.
r/cricket in shambles. KL rahul statpadding his strike rate in last over lmao
Virat about to end Harshal’s whole career
One person single handedly making us lose games. Harshal Patel in the CSK match, and now here
Csk fan here but imo bumrah deserves it more
So.... I dont think I want to see Parple bowling the final over of an innings anymore...
I remember watching Rahul’s debut and he needed something like 2 sixes to get his 100 in two balls, can he do it again?
Siraj didn't bowl out but Harshal is going to. How dumb is this from Kohli?
Called it

https://www.reddit.com/r/cricket/comments/n1t70x/_/gwfpgxf
KL Rahul really did a "call an ambulance but not for me" on R/cricket
Ok
We have the power to chase this down, not worried
Only if u had bowled siraj all his overs
I think it's time to switch to 18 and 20th over to Siraj
Get that hundred KL take my energy
"KL statpadding", hits 90 off 56
NOOOOO CENTURY
91(57)
No century for KL
Shahbaz only bowled 2 overs !!
6 and 4 to bring up the ton
Full toss kyu phenk raha hai bhen ka loda.
Purple vs Orange
Yes I am saying this again, Siraj should've bowled 18th and 20th.
Fuck off Harshal patel. This is where we lose games
Take a bow KL. Saved his teams ass with minimal help
Atleast it's >171
It's not mandatory to take wickets, economy of 14 is always priority" - Harshal patel
Harshal Patel and last overs - name a better duo
thank god only 22 runs possible this over
Is Koach suffering from Alzheimers or something? Did he forget how Harshal Patel shit his pants in the last over just a few days ago against CSK?
Bowling harshal in the last over is now a curse
Rahul normally : I sleep

Rahul near 100 at the end of an innings : R E A L  S H I T
Harahal wasn't. I expected siraj to bowl 18th and 20th even if it meant harshal to not complete.
This one shaped up to be a great innings by KL
People trashing KL in the match thread. Here you fucking go. This is KL. No touches with no service, but when he does get it, it's done.
Harshal unleashes his beast mode in  the last over
KL hundred :(
KL be like:

Test Mode: Deactivated

God Mode: Activated.
Harshal patel is shittiest bowler in rcb squad.
Good guy Harshal giving India players confidence ahead of the T20 WC
Did we have an over of Sams left? If yes, I say bravo Koach
Watch KXIP play -> see Rahul play defensively during PP -> wonder why he's playing like this -> opener gets out -> collapse -> realize why he's doing this.
It happens everygame
Fkn Aakash chopra and his ridiculousl puns
Theres extreme Rohit fanboyism even on r/cricket
Hell yeah
160 SR, take that.
End of a KLassic Innings
Damnn
lol Koach cam
91*©®™
22 bruh
Holy fuck, what a shit over
Whatta comeback by punjab
My apologies to you KL. This is a gem of an innings.
Lmao patel
bhogle tf man
